Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/archives/search.html

New Jersey Department of State Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Secretary of State Grant Information Pay-to-Play Ordinances Will Registry Certified Civil Celebrants Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Press Releases Proposed Rules Public Notices Reports e-Notification Lists Business Information NJ Business Portal Non-Profit Portal Business Action Center NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Office of Business Advocacy Office for Planning Advocacy Red-Tape Commission NJ-Israel Commission Divisions/Agencies Business Action Center NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Office of Business Advocacy Office for Planning Advocacy Red-Tape Commission NJ-Israel Commission Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism NJ Commission on National & Community Service NJ Cultural Heritage Commissions NJ Commission on American Indian Affairs NJ-Israel Commission NJ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional NJ Cultural Heritage Commissions NJ Cultural Trust NJ Division of Elections NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Historical Commission NJ Office of Faith Based Initiatives NJ State Archives NJ State Council on the Arts NJ State Museum Patriots Theater at the War Memorial In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Travel & Tourism New Jersey State Archives Planning Your Visit Search the Collections Repro Services Collection Management Documentary Treasures Special Projects and Commemorations State Historical Records Advisory Board New Jersey State Archives 225 West State Street-Level 2 P.O. Box 307 Trenton, NJ 08625-0307 Contact Information Email: Feedback@sos.state.nj.us DOS Home > New Jersey State Archives > Search the Collections Search the Collections The State Archives has a dual statutory mission: first, to preserve and protect New Jersey’s public records; and second, to facilitate access to them by the public. We are dedicated to producing databases, expanding catalog information and finding aids, and posting images of our documents online as resources and policy allow. We are pleased to provide you with several options below to help you search, peruse, and view our rich holdings. Genealogical Collections The State Archives holds many collections that are vital to genealogists with ancestors in New Jersey. These include birth, marriage, and death records, censuses, tax lists, land and probate records, military service and pension documents, court cases, county filings, and much more. Please see our Overview of Genealogical Collections . Searchable Databases and Records Request Forms Our searchable databases provide access to over 2,300,000 database entries, indexing over 1,500,000 documents and photographs. Archives staff add and edit database entries daily. You can also order searches of certain records not indexed by databases. See a listing of our searchable databases and online records request forms . Catalog Our new, searchable catalog represents an on-going effort to provide greater access to our collections. Researchers may search using free text, and/or filter by assigned subject headings, government departments/agencies, date range, etc. The most recent description of the collection, available box/folder/reel lists, finding aids, and other resources are attached or linked to each record series. Note that any catalog of holdings is a work in progress. Remember that entries are subject to change and new collections/accessions, descriptions, inventories, and guides will be added regularly. Our browsable catalog contains nearly 200 pre-established searches of our holdings. Included are lists by record group (e.g., department of state government, county, or municipality) and by subject (e.g., Civil War, railroads, etc.). The "Genealogical Holdings" and "Other Research Topics" links provide additional subject access to these pages. Over 1,000 guides to collections are linked to these catalog entries. Note that the searchable catalog is a more current representation of our holdings. Imaged Collections Over 7,100 images from our photograph and manuscript collections are presented in our Imaged Collections and Documentary Treasures areas. Consult the Guide to Reproduction and Research Services, Policies and Fees [pdf] if you are interested in ordering copies. Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | AccessibilityStatement Department: Office of the Lt. Governor | Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2011 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate