Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0821.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 21, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2023 Richard P. McCormick Prize Separate Paths: Lenapes and Colonists in West New Jersey by Dr. Jean Soderlund TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey Historical Commission, in partnership with the New Jersey Studies Academic Alliance, announces Dr. Jean Soderlund as the winner of the 2023 Richard P. McCormick Prize for her book Separate Paths: Lenapes and Colonists in West New Jersey . This award-winning book dives into the history of West Jersey in the 1600s and the ways in which Lenape men and women navigated relations with the Swedes and Finns versus the incoming Quakers. While Swedish and Finnish settlers allied with Lenape tribes to defend themselves against English rule, Quaker colonists, after the West Jersey Concessions of 1676-77, took Lenape territory for their own use. Separate Paths examines these two different systems of colonization and their lasting impacts. “Dr. Soderlund’s scholarship shines a light on our state’s early history helping us better understand our present and better plan for our future,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way who oversees the New Jersey Historical Commission in her capacity as Secretary of State. “In Separate Paths , Dr. Soderlund takes centuries-old primary sources and weaves them into a comprehensible story about an under-researched aspect of New Jersey’s past,” said Sara Cureton, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission. “The quality of her research and the importance of her topic makes Dr. Soderlund well-deserving of the Richard P. McCormick Prize.” Dr. Soderlund is Professor Emerita in the Department of History at Lehigh University. Her research focuses on 17th and 18th century British America, with special interest in questions of ethnicity, gender, religion, and class. The Richard P. McCormick Prize is an annual award recognizes the author of an outstanding scholarly book on New Jersey History. To learn more about the New Jersey Historical Commission’s awards and prizes, visit history.nj.gov. About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate