Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2017-0228.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 28, 2017 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State State Arts Council Awards Fellowships to New Jersey Artists TRENTON, N.J. – The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held a public meeting on Tuesday, February 28th at the Mile Square Theatre in Hoboken and voted on the 2017 Individual Artist Fellowship Awards. The State Arts Council's 1st Vice Chair Sharon Burton Turner remarked, “The Fellowship program is one of the many ways the Council seeks to help New Jersey artists strengthen their careers and to make it just a little easier to get in to the studio - whatever kind of studio that may be - and get to work.” The Fellowships are competitive awards to New Jersey artists in 12 different disciplines which rotate each year, and are granted based on an anonymous panel review process focused exclusively on artistic quality. The program is carried out in partnership with the Mid Atlantic Arts Foundation. This year's award winners are artists working in the categories of Choreography, Music Composition, Poetry and Sculpture. “Over the past four decades these Fellowship Awards have become a metaphor for our mission,” said Council Executive Director, Nick Paleologos. “By recognizing our most talented artists we celebrate the truth-tellers in our midst. And by so doing, we honor the most cherished value of our state and nation - freedom of expression.” See a full list of 2017 Individual Artist Fellowship recipients here . The New Jersey State Council on the Arts with winners of 2017 Individual Artist Fellowships . About The New Jersey State Council on the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council receives direct appropriations from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated, renewable Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee, as well as competitive grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. To learn more about the Council, please visit artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate