Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/assets/2020-census-data/unadjusted-data/blocks/gloucester-county-blocks.xlsx

NJDEP | Liberty State Park | New Jersey State Park Service Back to top Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu Powered by Translate The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of Environmental Protection New Jersey State Park Service PARK ADVISORY: Ferry service from Liberty State Park to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island will temporarily pause beginning Monday, Jan. 6, 2025. During this time, ferry service to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island will remain available from Manhattan’s Battery Park . Ferry service from Liberty State Park will resume on Saturday, March 8. Liberty State Park Overview With the Manhattan skyline, Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island as a spectacular backdrop, Liberty State Park is one of the state's most dramatic parks. A green oasis in the heart of Metropolitan northern New Jersey, Liberty State Park serves as the gateway to the region’s rich natural, cultural and historical resources. The historic Central Railroad of New Jersey Terminal (CRRNJ), a grand setting for much of New Jersey's transportation history in the northeast, sits prominently at the north end of the park. A two-mile promenade, Liberty Walk links two picnic and playground areas, the Nature Center and the CRRNJ Terminal while presenting visitors with a sweeping view of the Hudson River. Wide open fields, miles of pathways and an outdoor performance area provide an inviting atmosphere for all types of recreation. The Liberty Landing Marina, restaurants and the NJ Empty Sky 9/11 Memorial complete the northern end of the park, while the western portion is dominated by the recently expanded, state-of-the-art Liberty Science Center. Located directly on the shores of the Hudson River, Liberty State Park is also the only location in New Jersey with Ferry service to Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty. Liberty State Park Revitalization Program Shuttle Pilot Program Central Railroad of New Jersey Terminal From 1892 through 1954, the CRRNJ Terminal stood with the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island to unfold one of this nation’s most dramatic stories: the immigration of northern, southern and eastern Europeans, among others, into the United States. After being greeted by the Statue of Liberty and processed at Ellis Island, these immigrants purchased tickets and boarded trains at the Terminal that took them to their new homes throughout the United States. To learn more about the CRRNJ's history, visit the Historic CRRNJ Train Terminal site . The CRRNJ Terminal is open daily 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Memorial Day through Labor Day, and 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. after Labor Day until Memorial Day Empty Sky 9/11 Memorial The ‘Empty Sky’ 9/11 Memorial is the official State of New Jersey Memorial that honors the memory of the 750 people that lived in or had ties to New Jersey that lost their lives at the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and Shanksville, PA on September 11, 2001 The names are placed randomly on the twin brushed stainless steel walls. Individuals' names (4 inches tall) are within reach and engraved deep enough for hand rubbing. The memorial, designed by Jessica Jamroz and Frederic Schwartz, was dedicated on September 11, 2011, the 10-year anniversary. The brushed stainless steel twin walls are 210 feet long, the width of each side of the World Trade Center Towers. They rise 30 feet, standing parallel to each other with a 12-foot wide paved path of bluestone between them. Like the World Trade Center, the stainless steel reflects the constantly changing light of day. The memorial invites visitors to literally and metaphorically look toward the empty sky in memory and look forward as a community. Ferry Services Ferry service from Liberty State Park to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island is available throughout the year. For rates, boat schedules, and to purchase tickets online please visit Statue City Cruises’ website or call 1- 877- LADY-TIX or 877-523-9849. Tickets may also be purchased at the ticket window inside the CRRNJ Terminal Building. Ferry services from Liberty State Park to Warren St in Jersey City and Brookfield Place in New York City is available throughout the year. For rates, schedules, and more information, please visit Liberty Landing Ferry’s website . Fares are collected onboard. Boating and Boat Launch Permits Trailered Boats Permit Required Fee Applies Liberty State Park’s boat launch provides access to the Hudson River for trailered boats and vessels, and is located within Parking Lot 2. Hours of operations are 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. year-round. Permits are mandatory year-round. Maximum trailer length is 23 ft. Overflow boat launch parking is available in parking Parking Lot 1. Seasonal launch permits must be purchased at the park office, and are accepted at both Liberty State Park and Leonardo State Marina. Daily launch permits may be purchased at the park office or at the ticket machine in Parking Lot 2. Launch Ramp Permit Information Sheet Car-top Boats (Kayaks, Canoes) No Permit Required No Fee Car-top boats can be launched from the car-top boat launch located at the East Jetty by Parking Lot 4. Hours of operations are 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. Commercial Uses Commercial use of Liberty State Park's trailered boat launch and car-top boat launch requires a Special Use Permit. Such activities inlcude, but are not limited to, paid guided kayak tours, paid overland transport, and launching for marine survey operations. For more information please reach out to: libertystateparkpermits@dep.nj.gov Fishing and Crabbing The Upper New York Bay and Hudson River offer excellent opportunities for fishing. Common species include bluefish, shad, striped bass and blue claw crabs. Fishing and crabbing are permitted in accordance with New Jersey Fish and Wildlife Laws. Consumption advisories may exist for certain species. View the latest fishing and crabbing information in the New Jersey Marine Fishing Digest, available digitally here . Please dispose of all stray fishing line properly. NJ Saltwater Recreational Registry Program Picnicking General Rules: No alcohol. No solicitation. No food vendors. No balloons, stages, tents, additional tables, animal entertainment, inflatables (e.g. bouncy houses), dunk tanks or other similar amusements or rides. No propane grills, wood fires, generators or access to electrical outlets. No DJs or live music. Radios must be kept to a minimum volume. Do not disturb other park patrons. No vehicular access to picnic sites. Applicant and all participants must use designated loading zones. All vehicles must park in designated parking spots. No nails, screws, staples, glue or tape may be used to hang signage or decorations. No Hammacks. No markings of any kind, including but not limited to chalk and paint, shall be applied to roads, paths, walkways, trees, buildings, furniture or other structures. Rental use is for the day. Setup and breakdown must take place on the rented date between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m. All signage, decorations and banners must be removed after the event. All trash, litter and hot coal must be placed in designated receptacles. Trash bags are available upon request at the Park Office. Wedding receptions/ceremonies are not permitted in the park. Groups that exceed 20 people must make a reservation. Groups that exceed 20 people without a reservation may be fined or asked to leave. Ticketed events, concerts, organized sporting events, fundraisers, walkathons, car shows and similar events require a Special Use Permit. For information, please reach out to the Special Use Permitting Department at Email: libertystateparkpermits@dep.nj.gov Phone: 201-915-3400, Ext. 104. Small Groups 20 People or Less No permit required No fee Groups of 20 people or less do not need a reservation to picnic. Up to two of our first-come first-serve brown painted tables in our picnic areas, along with one nearby grill (not located within an Open Air Group Picnic Site), can be used by small groups. Groups of 20 people or less may also picnic on the grass, using their own blankets and camping chairs. A maximum of one Sunshade or canopy, no bigger than 10' x 10' is allowed per group. Small groups may bring their own charcoal grill, whether picnicking at our tables, or on the grass. All spent coal must be disposed of in the designated "Hot Coal" dumping bins. All visitors are subject to the general park rules listed below, as well as all other rules and regulations of the New Jersey State Park Service, posted throughout the park and available for view online here. Open-Air Group Picnic Areas 20-50 people Permit required No fee There are seven Open-Air Group Picnic Areas available for reservation. Each is equipped with eight picnic tables (8 ft.) and one large charcoal grill (30’’ x 36’’). There is no fee for the use of an Open-Air Group Picnic Area; however, a permit must be obtained prior to use. Only one picnic area can be reserved per group. Applications will be accepted beginning the second Monday of January each year for dates from April 1 – October 31 (excluding July 4). To reserve an Open-Air Group Picnic Area, groups must have a minimum of 20 people and no more than 50 people. Open-Air Group Picnic Area Information Sheet and Application Rental Picnic Pavilions Permit Required Fee Applies There are two Picnic Pavilions, Pavilion A and Pavilion B, located on Pavilion Field available for reservation. Each Picnic Pavilion reservation comes with charcoal grills, picnic tables (8 ft.), standard 110v electrical outlets, and access to open lawn space. There are restroom facilities and a parking lot with eighty-eight regular and four ADA-accessible parking spaces directly adjacent to the Pavilions. Applications will be accepted beginning the second Monday of January each year for dates from April 1 – October 31 (excluding July 4). Pavilion A accommodates up to 120 people while Pavilion B accommodates up to 80 people. Only one Pavilion can be reserved per group. Fees are as follows: Pavilion A: $200 NJ Resident; $250 Non-resident Pavilion B: $150 NJ Resident; $200 Non-resident Picnic Pavilion Information Sheet and Application For more information or to make a reservation, please contact the park office at: Phone: 201-915-3400, Ext.101 or E-mail: Libertystatepark@dep.nj.gov Special Events and Special Use Permits ADVISORY: Special Use Permits can only be issued to formal organizations such as non-profits, commercial entities, institutions and government entities. For personal celebrations or events without a sponsoring organization, individuals may apply for a Group Picnic Site reservation or reach out to one of the Park’s tenants listed below. Any organized special event or special use of Liberty State Park’s indoor and/or outdoor facilities must be reserved through a Special Event and Special Use Permit Application. A Special Use Permit is offered by Liberty State Park to accommodate types of activities that fall outside of the scope of normal park usage. Examples of special events and special use include, but are not limited to, any commercial use of or on the property, press conferences, commercial photography and filming, corporate events, non-profit fundraisers, festivals, firework displays, UAV operation, demonstrations, walkathons and races, exercise or other instructional classes, launching of boats for commercial purposes, concerts, televised events and similar events/usage. A completed application must be submitted to Liberty State Park for review, at least 90 days prior to the event/usage. If the special use or event is large and/or complex, at least one-year’s prior notice is recommended. Special Event and Special Use Permit Application Special Event and Special Use Permit Guidelines For more information about the permitting process, please reach out to the Park’s Special Use Permitting Department at Email: libertystateparkpermits@dep.nj.gov Phone: 201-915-3400, Ext. 104.. Weddings and Receptions Weddings and receptions are only permitted in designated areas of Liberty State Park, managed by the Park’s tenants. In order to have your wedding or reception in one of these designated areas, you must contact one of the following Park tenants: Liberty Science Center 222 Jersey City Blvd. Jersey City, NJ 07305 P 201.253.1378 E specialevents@lsc.org The Restaurant at Maritime Parc 84 Audrey Zapp Drive Liberty State Park Jersey City, 07305 P 201.413.0050 E info@maritimeparc.com Liberty House Restaurant 76 Audrey Zapp Drive Liberty State Park Jersey City, NJ 07305 P 201.395.0300 E info@landmarkhospitality.com Education and Interpretation The Nature Center at Liberty State Park is an environmental and historical education facility located on Freedom Way. Open year-round the center features exhibits focusing on the natural history and ecology of the Hudson River Estuary and offers programs for schools, community groups and the general public. The center also offers a variety of professional development workshops for formal and non-formal educators. The Green Oasis The Nature Center is open seven days a week, 8:00 AM – 4:00 PM. For more information, please contact the Nature Center at 201-915-3400 x501 or email LSPNatureCenter@dep.nj.gov Richard J. Sullivan Natural Area: 36 acres Adjacent to the nature center lies a 36-acre state Natural Area consisting mainly of salt marsh, one of the few remaining tidal marshes of the Hudson River Estuary. A self-guided nature path offers opportunities to observe and experience this unique wildlife habitat. Liberty Landing Marina Liberty Landing offers 250 slips, transient dockage, dry dock storage, a 24-hour fueling facility, full-service maintenance, a marine store and two critically acclaimed restaurants - Maritime Parc and Liberty House Restaurant - on-site. Liberty Science Center Liberty Science Center provides endless opportunities for exploration and discovery by offering numerous hands-on science experiences and programs for all ages. The center hosts nine permanent exhibition galleries integrating science and technology into all facets of our lives, numerous traveling exhibits and the largest planetarium in the western hemisphere. Access and Restrictions Access for Persons with Disabilities Liberty State Park recreational facilities are partially accessible for persons with disabilities. Please contact the park office at 201-915-3400 for further information regarding disability access needs. Text telephone (TTY) users, call the NJ Relay & CapTel Service at 711 or 1-800-852-7897 for English or 1-866-658-7714 for Spanish. Rules and Regulations All-Terrain Vehicles (ATVs) Recreational use of ATVs is not permitted on NJ State Park Service property. This includes state parks, forests, recreation areas, golf courses, marinas, natural areas, historic sites, and preserves. Thank you for your help in protecting New Jersey’s natural and historic resources. [N.J.A.C. 7:2-3.4(d)] Smoking State law prohibits the smoking of tobacco and use of electronic smoking (vaping) devices in all state parks, forests, historic sites, recreation areas, golf courses and marinas. [N.J.P.L.2005, c.383 (C.26:3D-56)] Alcohol Alcoholic beverages are not permitted in state parks, forests, recreation areas, golf courses, marinas, natural areas, historic sites, and preserves. [ N.J.A.C. 7:2-2.6 ] Drones Drones are not permitted to be flown in any of New Jersey's state parks or forests. No Feeding of Wildlife Keep Your Park Clean and Green Protect plants and animals and care for your parks by placing your trash in one of the provided receptacles. Bring a bag or two for trash, recycling and cleaning up after your pet. Thank you! Swimming No swimming. Pets Pets must always be on a leash no longer than six feet in length and under the control of the owner. Please clean up after your pets. Tick Protection Use insect repellent, wear light-colored clothing, tuck pants into socks, stay on trails, check yourself when you get home, shower and wash clothes immediately. Photo Gallery Close Close Close Close Close Close Related Links Friends of Liberty State Park - Get involved! Officially Recognized Friends Organization. Liberty Science Center Liberty Landing Marina Liberty Science Center Statue of Liberty & Ellis Island Ferry Park Map Area Map General Phone Number 201-915-3400 ext. 101 Physical Address CRRNJ Terminal Building 1 Audrey Zapp Drive Jersey City, NJ 07305 Mailing Address Park Office 200 Morris Pesin Drive Jersey City, NJ 07305 Email Address libertystatepark@dep.nj.gov Educational & Interpretive Email Address lspnaturecenter@dep.nj.gov Park Hours Gate 6 a.m. to 10 p.m Park Office Open daily 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Newsletter The Green Oasis Park Fees Entrance Fee None Other Related Fees Map / Directions GPS Coordinates 40.709965, -74.051976 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate