Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-1222.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 22, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey-Israel Commission Joins the Township of East Brunswick in Celebrating a New Sister City Agreement with Yavne, Israel During a visit to Israel, East Brunswick Mayor Brad Cohen signed a new sister city agreement with Yavne around economic development, education and cultural partnerships following ongoing engagement from the New Jersey-Israel Commission East Brunswick, NJ On Sunday, December 11th, the Mayor of East Brunswick, New Jersey, Brad J. Cohen, signed a sister city agreement with Mayor Roei Gabay of Yavne, Israel, which will enhance economic, educational, and cultural exchanges and partnerships. The agreement was initiated by the New Jersey-Israel Commission of the New Jersey Department of State, and the East Brunswick Office of Economic Development, following months of engagement. The Federation of Local Authorities in Israel and the Consulate General of Israel in New York assisted in bringing the cities together, which furthers the special and close relationship between New Jersey and Israel in addition to the spirit of friendship between the communities. “The agreement aims to develop a mutually beneficial relationship to promote and broaden economic development, art and cultural exchanges, and youth programs between East Brunswick and Yavne,” said East Brunswick Mayor Brad Cohen . “We discovered a place with shared values that is a fertile ground for inter-community cooperation. We look forward to exploring an exchange of ideas and resources in fields such as science, technology, sports, health, education, arts, and music.” “We are pleased to create partnerships with our new friends from East Brunswick. We agreed to open a joint channel for connections and information sharing when the emphasis will be on sharing communities, environment and innovation in education,” said Yavne Mayor Roei Gabay . “The relationship we embroidered today will create value for the residents of the two cities, and we are certain that we will establish a unique cooperation between the cities, which will also strengthen the relationship between the countries even further. I would like to express my appreciation to Mayor Cohen and his team and hope that we will find many ways for cooperation between our communities." Both East Brunswick and Yavne share a strong commitment to education and the arts with related programs that have been nationally recognized. The agreement encourages cooperation between their schools to work together and shares in mutual commitments to cultural programs, including in music. Notably, East Brunswick is home to a community arts center that hosts festivals, public events, and theatrical programs and each side looks forward to engaging in these areas. Yavne’s more-than 3000-year history far surpasses the 160-year history of East Brunswick but, today, East Brunswick, located in the heart of New Jersey, shares much in common with Yavne, located in the heart of Israel. Both municipalities are the home to a diverse community of approximately 50,000 residents and will continue to develop their relationship through engagement, programming, and cooperation. “Thanks to the vision of Mayor Cohen and partnership from the Israeli Consulate and the Federation of Local Authorities in Israel, we finally have another exciting milestone in New Jersey-Israel relations,” said Karin Elkis, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “We look forward to assisting both Yavne and East Brunswick to fulfill the mission of this agreement.” “As we head into Israel’s 75th anniversary next year, now is a time to reflect and build on the great achievements that bind Israelis and New Jerseyans alike,” said Mark S. Levenson, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “This agreement reaffirms our state’s special connection with Israel as we share best practices, ideas and innovations that binds our unequivocal friendship.” “Our Commission congratulates East Brunswick and Yavne for signing this special partnership that is another step in bringing our communities closer between New Jersey and Israel,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “Sister City agreements like these can bring tangible benefits and will strengthen the already flourishing New Jersey-Israel relationship.” “This is an opportunity to develop ties between residents and businesses in both communities,” said Robert Zuckerman, East Brunswick Economic Development Officer . “While we share a similar vision and dedication for fostering economic development and education around life sciences, food innovation, technological discovery, and the arts, the beauty of this relationship is that the possibilities are limitless. There is no doubt we will learn much from one other.” About the Township of East Brunswick The Township of East Brunswick is located at the heart of New Jersey, in Middlesex County. It is a 22 square mile suburban town, home to a diverse, family oriented and business friendly community of approximately 50,000 people. The township is host to numerous parks and open space areas, a bustling five mile stretch of State Highway 18, an extensive medical office corridor, the Middlesex County Fair Grounds, and a community arts center. Currently, there is a significant redevelopment project in the works that promises new walk-able business, retail and living space, along with a new ice-skating rink. East Brunswick is home to Hatikvah, a charter public school dedicated to a Hebrew language and culture focused curriculum. East Brunswick is an education and innovation focused community dedicated to growing their tech and biomedical industries and promoting arts and culture. About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate