Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0919.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 19, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD) Announces Fiscal Year 2024 Grants to Hispanic Community-Based Organizations Totaling $3 Million TRENTON, NJ – As we begin to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, the New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD) is thrilled to announce the awarding of $3 million in grants as part of its ongoing commitment to fostering growth, empowerment, and advancement within the Hispanic communities in New Jersey. The grants awarded reflect the CHPRD’s recognition of the invaluable contributions of Hispanic community-based organizations in fostering social, economic, and cultural progress across the state. Through these grants, the Center aims to provide resources that will enable these organizations to further their impactful work and address the unique needs of the Hispanic communities. "Supporting organizations that align with our vision for thriving communities cultivates growth, collaboration, opportunity, and inclusivity," stated Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the CHPRD in her capacity as New Jersey Secretary of State. “These grants, totaling $3 million, target vital areas like Hispanic entrepreneurship, citizenship, workforce development, youth programs, community service, and health, aiming to empower and uplift New Jersey's diverse Hispanic communities.” "Our Latino communities are a vibrant and integral part of our state's fabric that account about 22% of New Jersey’s population. These grants reflect Governor Phil Murphy’s vision of a fairer and stronger New Jersey," said Marelyn Rivera, Executive Director of the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development. "We believe that by investing in these community-based organizations that share our vision for thriving communities, we are fostering an environment of growth, collaboration, opportunity, and inclusivity for all." The funded projects encompass a wide range of areas, including: Hispanic Entrepreneurship: Designed to develop and implement appropriate business education and mentorship services to Hispanic residents who have recently started a business, or assist those looking to create a new business. Citizenship and Integration: Expands the availability of citizenship preparation services and provides opportunities to gain the knowledge and skills necessary to integrate into the fabric of the American society Workforce Development: Provides employment directed activities and services. Youth Workforce Investment In-School and Out-of-School Program: Provides workforce experience services to at-risk youth. Community Service: Promotes and encourages community service programs that are culturally competent and whose effective services address targeted areas. Health and Wellness: Designed to assist families in crisis to improve the social and psychological needs to maximize the family’s well-being. The grant recipients include a diverse group of organizations that have demonstrated a strong commitment to creating positive change within Hispanic communities. The CHPRD's selection process ensured that the grants are allocated to organizations that have a proven track record of effectiveness and a clear vision for the projects they intend to undertake. About CHPRD: The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD), which is within the New Jersey Department of State, was established in 1975 to address the needs of the Hispanic communities. The Office was mandated to provide funding for Hispanic initiatives and administers an annual appropriation from the State of New Jersey. The CHPRD seeks to empower, provide financial support, and technical assistance to primarily Hispanic community-based organizations. The Center promotes a new model of community development that is focused on making REAL impacts in people’s lives while helping community-based organizations achieve greater self-sufficiency. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate