Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/puertoricocommission-resources.shtml

NJ Department of State - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission - Guide To Resources Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Guide To Resources Birth Certificates You may apply to request a copy of your Puerto Rico birth certificate as the registered person, if he/she is eighteen (18) years olf or older, his/her father, mother as named in the birth certificate or his/her children of legal age. Children who are interested in applying and were not born in Puerto Rico must include a copy of their birth certificate. You can also request certified copies online using an approved third-party vendor - Vital Check . COVID-19 New Jersey Government Site for Free Vaccines, Testing, Paxolovid Treatment and Telephone Numbers for Medical Advice. COVID-19 Vaccines Vacuna COVID-19 (nj.gov) Here is the site to order free COVID19 home tests from the government. Get free at-⁠home COVID-⁠19 tests Reciba pruebas de COVID caseras gratuitamente Also Medicare Part B and many insurances will provide free COVID19 home tests. Real ID As of May 7, 2025, the REAL ID Act will require all driving licenses to be a Real ID for domestic travel (Puerto Rico included). Passport books and passport cards are also acceptable for domestic travel. You can find information about NJ's Real ID driving licenses online. Transferring Drivers' License To transfer your out-of-state license (17 and over) Schedule an appointment at a motor vehicle license center with a current, valid driver's license in good standing and the proper legal documents to pass the 6 Points of ID requirements. Commercial Driver License (CDL) transfers are required to submit a valid Medical Certificate and any necessary fingerprint documents at time of transfer. Purchase a transfer permit ($10 for motorcycle, auto or CDL; $5 additional for motorcycle endorsement on auto license). Knowledge and road tests are waived ( Hazmat endorsement holders must take the written test) so long as you have a current, valid, non-provisional driver’s license that is in good standing issued by any of the 50 states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Territories of American Samoa and Guam, Puerto Rico or the U.S. Virgin Islands. All CDL holders must pass an eye test. You will be issued a four-year New Jersey license ( fee information ) and you will be required to surrender your out-of-state license. We are required to capture a customer's full face when taking a picture for a driver license or non-driver ID card; therefore we need to be able to see from the top of your forehead to the bottom of your chin. If you have a medical or religious need to wear a head covering in your photo, please advise the MVC staff at the agency camera station. SOURCE : https://www.nj.gov/mvc/drivertopics/movetonj.htm NJPRC Guide To Resources News Events Overview Role of the Commission Contact Us [an error occurred while processing this directive] Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate