Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0917.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 17, 2020, NJ Division of Elections Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State GOVERNOR MURPHY AND SECRETARY OF STATE WAY ANNOUNCE “NEW JERSEY VOTES” EDUCATION CAMPAIGN AHEAD OF GENERAL ELECTION Trenton, NJ – Today, Governor Phil Murphy, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, and the State’s Division of Elections launched a comprehensive education campaign, NEW JERSEY VOTES, to educate on the upcoming November 3rd General Election. Starting this week, the NEW JERSEY VOTES education campaign, which includes multi-media promotion and a new Vote.NJ.Gov website, will help answer questions about registering to vote, voting by mail, tracking ballots, finding secure ballot drop boxes, voting in-person and more. The education campaign is especially designed to help voters understand the vote by mail process, which was decreed through an executive order and signed into law by Governor Phil Murphy for the safety of the state’s voters in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. “As the pandemic continues to threaten our public health, we have made adjustments to the upcoming election to provide every New Jersey voter the opportunity to safely cast their vote," said Governor Murphy. "With today's education campaign launch, we are ensuring that New Jerseyans are aware of every voting option and additional resources that are available for this year's General Election." According to Secretary of State Way, voters can feel confident that the election process will be safe, simple, and secure. “We’re launching the New Jersey Votes education campaign to ensure every New Jerseyan feels comfortable and well informed about the voting process,” said Secretary Way. “For 2020, all active registered voters in New Jersey will automatically receive their ballots in the mail. Then it’s as easy as vote, sign, seal, return. How you return it is up to you—at the post office, in a secure ballot drop box, at your county Board of Elections office, or at your polling place.” The NEW JERSEY VOTES education campaign will be in multiple languages through advertisements in print and digital outlets, billboards, and collateral materials, as well as through TV and radio commercials airing throughout the state. The state government’s Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter accounts will regularly share posts highlighting how to vote by mail. Among the information being shared in the education campaign are key deadlines for the voting process. By October 5, 2020, New Jersey’s County Clerks must send a Vote By Mail Ballot to all registered active voters. “Once you have received your ballot, if you know how you are voting, there is no need to wait,” said Secretary Way. “We’re making it very easy and encouraging everyone to vote by mail as soon as they receive their ballot rather than having to wait until Election Day itself. However, if you prefer to drop off your ballot in a secure local drop box or in-person, you can certainly do so.” “By staying home and voting by mail, we can participate in our democracy while doing our part to keep our fellow voters and our election workers safe on November 3,” said Governor Murphy. Voters should read the instructions on their ballot carefully, and then vote. Here is how: Place the voted ballot inside the provided interior envelope and SIGN the envelope on the signature line. Do not detach the certificate from the envelope. SEAL the signed envelope inside the provided mailing envelope, and SEAL that envelope. RETURN the ballot. Voters have several choices in how to return their ballot: by mail (return postage is prepaid for all voters), in one of their county’s secure ballot drop boxes, at their Board of Elections office, or at their local polling location by 8:00 p.m. EST on Election Day. If voters choose to return their ballot by mail, they should be mindful of the delivery delays experienced across the country and mail their ballot well before Election Day if possible. Voters can check on the status of their vote by mail ballot online at TrackMyBallot.NJ.Gov. The deadline to register to vote for this general election is October 13th, 2020. New Jersey now offers online registration at www.state.nj.us/state/elections/voter-registration . Those unsure of their registration status can check at https://voter.svrs.nj.gov/registration-check . If voters need assistance or have any questions, their local, county, and state election officials are available to help. Voters can reach out to their County Clerk, County Board of Elections, County Superintendent of Elections, or call the state voter information/protection hotline at 1-877-NJVOTER (1-877-658- 6837). Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate