Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/mlk-resources.shtml

NJ Department of State - New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission - Resources Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Resources NJ Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Commemorative Commission celebrates the opening of the Eternal Gandhi Peace Center Museum in Atlantic City The Eternal Gandhi Peace Center Museum opened in Atlantic City on Sunday October 30, 2022. Attending on behalf of the NJ MLK Commission was Stephenine Dixon of Atlantic City and Rowena Madden, Executive Director of the NJ MLK Commission. The interactive museum, an initiative of the Aditya Birla Group collaboration with the Gandhian Society, promotes nonviolence, peace and the philosophies of Mahatma Gandhi and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. The Gandhian Society is located in Edison, New Jersey--home to one of the largest Indian communities in the USA. The Centre houses the Gandhian Society’s central office, classrooms, a conference room, a non-profit merchandising store and a multi-language library of books about Gandhi. The exhibition on Dr. Martin Luther King Jr features materials on loan from the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Commemorative Commission with the Eternal Gandhi Peace Center including the bust of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. created in 1980 by New Jersey native and internationally renowned artist Archimedes Giacomantonio. Watch the Opening Ceremony Of The Eternal Gandhi Peace Center Museum In Atlantic City . Figure 1 Exterior ETERNAL GANDHI PEACE CENTRE Figure 2 NJ MLK Commission member Stephenine Dixon with Gandhian Society member Ren Parikh of Edison. Figure 3 Materials from archives of NJ MLK Commission Figure 4 Opening ceremony with NJ MLK Executive Director Rowena Madden, front row left Figure 5 Interior Eternal Gandhi Peace Center Figure 6 Local NJ dignitaries and Centre supporters with life-sized statue of M K Gandhi. Education The King Center Institute REGISTER TODAY! Do you want to study the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., nonviolence, the people and events of the 1950s-1960s Nonviolent Civil Rights Movement, and more? And at your own pace? Introducing: The King Center’s new immersive, self-paced online learning experience: Nonviolence365®️ Online - Engaging people across the globe in exploring Dr. King’s nonviolent philosophy and methodology for personal, cultural and societal transformation. Learn more and register here Visit Online Nonviolence Training at The King Center Institute for more information and to register. 01/25/22 New Jersey Division on Civil Rights’ Community Relations Unit Downloads 2022 NJDCR Youth Ambassador Program flyer Commission Home About the Commission Programs News/Resources Archive The Children's March Videos: Altanta History Center History Channel King and I: New Jerseyans Reflect on the Life and Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in commemoration of his 90th Birthday NJ Quotes on MLK Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate