Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-secure-drop-boxes.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations All locations are open 24 hours a day and until 8pm on election day unless noted. Secure Ballot Drop Box Location information is provided by the counties. Page Last Updated: 11/06/24 Secure Ballot Drop Box FAQs What is a “Ballot Drop Box” A ballot drop box is a secure, locked structure operated by election officials where voters may deliver their ballots from the time they receive them in the mail up to the time polls close at 8 pm on Election Day. There will be at least 10 drop boxes located throughout each county, which will be available 24 hours a day. Drop boxes will be under surveillance by security cameras and collected daily by county election officials. Where can I find the locations of the ballot drop boxes? You can find that information on the New Jersey Voter Information Portal . Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Secure Ballot Drop Box Location information is provided by the counties and is currently being updated. Atlantic County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Bergen County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Burlington County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Camden County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Cape May County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Cumberland County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Essex County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Gloucester County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Hudson County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Hunterdon County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Mercer County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Middlesex County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Monmouth County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Morris County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Ocean County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Passaic County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Salem County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Somerset County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Sussex County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Union County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Warren County Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate