Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/memorial/wm-faq.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Patriots Theater at the War Memorial - FAQs Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Patriots Theater at the War Memorial The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State FAQs about the War Memorial What is the War Memorial? Opened in 1932, The War Memorial was built as "a great community center" dedicated to the memory of the soldiers and sailors from Mercer County who died fighting World War I. The building is a National and State Historic Site. The aim of the founding War Memorial Committee was to combine "beauty, dignity, and civic utility." The building houses an 1,807-seat, fully-equipped theater for performances and assemblies, and also a number of stately rooms for other purposes such as meeting and conferences. The War Memorial is owned by The State of New Jersey and operated by The NJ Department of State. How is the War Memorial contacted? By phone: (609) 984-8484 , Administrative Office By FAX: (609) 292-7636 By Email: Rentals.NJSM@sos.nj.gov The mailing address of the War Memorial is: War Memorial/New Jersey State Museum P.O. Box 530 Trenton, NJ 08625 All mail should be sent to this address. There is no mail delivery directly to the War Memorial building. Express or overnight mail should be sent to: War Memorial/New Jersey State Museum 205 West State St. Trenton, NJ 08608 Where is the War Memorial? Part of the State of New Jersey's Capitol Complex, The War Memorial is located on Memorial Drive in downtown Trenton near the Delaware River. The building is a short walk from the New Jersey State House (the nation's second oldest state capitol building), the New Jersey State Library, the New Jersey State Museum, the Old Barracks Museum (site of the Battle of Trenton on Dec. 26, 1776), and a short distance Sun National Bank Center (hosts concerts, sporting events, family programs), and Mercer County Waterfront Park (home of Trenton Thunder – NY Yankees Class A Affiliate baseball) and other attractions. Who can present a show or hold an event in the War Memorial? The War Memorial exists to serve the public. Its public facilities are available for rental. The War Memorial has a two-tiered rental fee schedule. One schedule applies to the general public and to for-profit enterprises; the other schedule is for not-for-profit organizations, which are required to present their IRS-issued tax exempt certificate. The use of War Memorial facilities implies neither endorsement nor sponsorship of an event. What is the procedure for renting a War Memorial facility? Renters interested in presenting performance events in Patriots Theater or renting conference, meeting or banquet space in other spaces in the War Memorial are advised to contact the Rental Office at Rentals.NJSM@sos.nj.gov or (609) 984-8484 . Potential renters will be mailed an information package including a rental application. The completed rental application will be review by the Rentals Manager, and upon approval, the date(s) requested will be put on hold. No dates will be held without the receipt and approval of a completed rental application. What do renters need to know about Patriots Theater box office services? The Patriots Theater box office at the War Memorial, (609) 984-8400 , is located through the left-hand doors on memorial Court, the War Memorial's main entrance. The Patriots Theater box office will be available to renters two hours before performance times for day-of-show ticket sales only. Renters are responsible for all ticket sales. Where do War Memorial patrons park? There are fee-based parking in lots throughout the downtown Trenton area, as well as some metered street parking available in the War Memorial's environs. Evenings and weekends, free parking is available in the state parking lots on Memorial Drive near the War Memorial. There is handicapped parking beside the War Memorial on West Lafayette Street, available on a first-come, first-served basis. The War Memorial is fully ADA compliant. Events at Patriots Theater Rooms Room Rental Seating Chart Directions Hotels/Restaurant War Memorial FAQs Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate