Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-1219.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 19, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Creative Aging Grants, Announces Update to Longstanding Arts Education Program Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held a public meeting today, during which 30 New Jersey organizations received grants through the Council’s Creative Aging Initiative grant program. This investment is the key component of the Council’s focus on lifelong learning, providing $10,000 grants to arts organizations, libraries, veterans homes, and senior and community centers to cover costs for artist-led residencies for New Jersey adults aged 55 and over. Speaking on the importance of this program, Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way said, “Abundant evidence shows that artmaking and arts participation improves a number of health and well-being factors as we age. I’m honored to work closely with the Council to help ensure New Jerseyans of all ages have opportunities to have a better, overall quality of life.” Reflecting on the impact of the grant, Council Chair Elizabeth Mattson said, “Supporting quality arts experiences for people of all ages has long been a priority for the Council. I was fortunate to see firsthand the impact of this program earlier this year during a visit to a Creative Aging Initiative session at an adult day center. Hearing the participants speak to the importance and value of being able to express themselves and share their life experiences in new and engaging ways is a powerful reminder of why the Council invests in this work.” See the complete list of the FY24 Creative Aging Initiative Grant recipients . The meeting also included an important update regarding the Arts Council’s Artists in Education Residency Grant program (AIE), which is currently co-sponsored with Young Audiences Arts for Learning NJ & Eastern PA (YA). For decades, the Council and YA, in collaboration with nonprofit partners, educators, and teaching artists, have provided long-term artist residencies in schools, fostering engaging arts learning for young people, as well as key professional development for educators. Starting in fall 2024, AIE will be rolled into YA’s Arts Lab programming. Long-term residency work remains a priority for the partners, and Arts Lab will be open to any New Jersey school, arts education nonprofit organization, and teaching artist to apply. The Arts Lab application will be open on January 22, 2024 at www.yanjep.org . In addition to continued funding for residencies through YA’s Arts Lab, the Council will support artist residencies through nonprofit arts organizations statewide. About the New Jersey State Council on the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State and a partner agency of the National Endowment for the Arts. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council believes the arts are central to every element we value most in a modern society including: human understanding; cultural and civic pride; strong communities; excellent schools; lifelong learning; creative expression; and economic opportunity. To learn more about the Council, please visit www.artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate