Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-elections-19-01-09.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Division of Elections, 19-01-09 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Division of Elections In January 2014, the Governor signed into law P.L. 2013, c. 259 . Pursuant to that statute the Department of State provides the following Laws and Regulations as a service to our users. The Laws and Regulations displayed here have been copied from: NJ Statutes Annotated (NJSA) NJ Administrative Code (NJAC) Executive Orders Index Please refer to the above links for the most recent updates. Page Updated Statutes 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:1-1 - 19:9-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:10-1 - 19:19-17 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:20-1 - 19:29-14 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:31-1 - 19:37-5 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:44A-1 - 19:49-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:50-1 - 19:59-16 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:60-1 - 19:63-28 02/03/23 NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles and Traffic Regulation (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40 - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40A - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/24/23 NJAC Title 15: Subchapter 10 - Elections Electronic Poll Book Rules, Special Adopted New Rules: N.J.A.C. 15:10-7 02/03/23 NJSA Title 52 - State Government, Departments and Officers (Pertaining to Elections) Last updated: 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:1 NJSA 19:1.1 As used in this title As used in this Title: "Election" means the procedure whereby the electors of this State or any political subdivision thereof elect persons to fill public office or pass on public questions. "Fire district election" means an election to be held in and for a fire district established pursuant to N.J.S.40A:14-70 et seq. "General election" means the annual election to be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November and, where applicable, includes annual school elections and annual fire district elections held on that date. "Primary election for the general election" means the procedure whereby the members of a political party in this State or any political subdivision thereof nominate candidates to be voted for at general elections, or elect persons to fill party offices. "Municipal election" means an election to be held in and for a single municipality only, at regular intervals. "Special election" means an election which is not provided for by law to be held at stated intervals. "Any election" includes all primary, general, municipal, school and special elections, as defined herein. "Municipality" includes any city, town, borough, village, or township. "School election" means any annual or special election to be held in and for a local or regional school district established pursuant to chapter 8 or chapter 13 of Title 18A of the New Jersey Statutes. "Public office" includes any office in the government of this State or any of its political subdivisions filled at elections by the electors of the State or political subdivision. "Public question" includes any question, proposition or referendum required by the legislative or governing body of this State or any of its political subdivisions to be submitted by referendum procedure to the voters of the State or political subdivision for decision at elections. "Political party" means a party which, at the election held for all of the members of the General Assembly next preceding the holding of any primary election held pursuant to this Title, polled for members of the General Assembly at least 10% of the total vote cast in this State. "Party office" means the office of delegate or alternate to the national convention of a political party or member of the State, county or municipal committees of a political party. "Masculine" includes the feminine, and the masculine pronoun wherever used in this Title shall be construed to include the feminine. "Presidential year" means the year in which electors of President and Vice-President of the United States are voted for at the general election. "Election district" means the territory within which or for which there is a polling place or room for all voters in the territory to cast their ballots at any election. "District board" means the district board of registry and election in an election district. "County board" means the county board of elections in a county. "Superintendent" means the superintendent of elections in counties wherein the same shall have been appointed. "Commissioner" means the commissioner of registration in counties. "File" or "filed" means deposited in the regularly maintained office of the public official wherever said regularly maintained office is designated by statute, ordinance or resolution. amended 1947, c.168, s.1; 1948, c.438, s.1; 1965, c.213; 1995, c.278, s.13; 2005, c.136, s.1; 2011, c.134, s.1; 2011, c.202, s.24; 2017, c.206, s.1. NJSA 19:1.2 Title applicable to commission governed municipalities This title shall apply to elections held in municipalities under the provisions of subtitle 4 of the title Municipalities and Counties (s. 40:70-1 et seq.) only in so far as the provisions of this title are not inconsistent therewith. NJSA 19:1-3 Title applicable to charter elections This title shall apply to elections authorized by charter to be held in certain municipalities only in so far as the provisions hereof are not inconsistent with the provisions of the acts authorizing such elections and the acts amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto. NJSA 19:1-4 Title applicable to referendum procedure Except as in this title otherwise provided, the provisions for the election of public and party offices shall also apply to the determination of public questions under the referendum procedure so far as may be. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:2 NJSA 19:2-1 Primary elections for delegates, alternates, general, special elections Primary elections for delegates and alternates to national conventions of political parties and for the general election shall be held in each year on the Tuesday next after the first Monday in June between the hours of 6:00 A.M. and 8:00 P.M., Standard Time. Primary elections for special elections shall be held not earlier than 30 nor later than 20 days prior to the special elections. Amended 1946, c.11, ss.1,17 (1946, c.11, ss.1,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.1; 1965, c.4, s.1; 1966, c.19, s.1; 1967, c.7, s.1; 1967, c.26, s.1; 1968, c.292, s.1; 2001, c.245, s.1; 2005, c.136, s.2; 2007, c.61, s.1; 2011, c.134, s.2 NJSA 19:2-3 General and special elections The general election shall be held on the Tuesday next after the first Monday in November in each year. Special elections shall be held on the days hereinafter provided for the purpose in this title or in any other statute relative thereto. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:3 NJSA 19:3-1 Public offices, party offices and public questions classified Public offices and party offices and public questions shall be divided and classified as follows: a. Those offices voted for and public questions voted upon by the electors of the state or of more than one county thereof, or members of the house of representatives; b. Those offices voted for and public questions voted upon by the electors of a county or of more than one municipality thereof; c. Those offices voted for and public questions voted upon by the electors of a municipality or of any portion thereof. NJSA 19:3-2 Filling of public offices, vacancies; public questions; exceptions All elective public offices in this State or any of its political subdivisions, except such as are provided by law to be filled at special, municipal or school elections, shall be filled at the general elections as hereinafter provided. All vacancies in public offices to be filled by election, except such as are provided by law to be filled at special or municipal elections, shall be filled at the general elections. All public questions to be voted upon by the people of the entire State and all other public questions, except such as are provided by law to be decided at any other elections, shall be voted upon and decided at the general elections. Amended 1948,c.438,s.2; 1995,c.278,s.14. NJSA 19:3-2.1 Election to office of Lieutenant Governor, certification 1. a. Pursuant to Article V, Section I, paragraph 4 of the Constitution of the State of New Jersey, a candidate for election to the office of Lieutenant Governor shall be elected conjointly with the candidate for election to the office of Governor of the same political party. The candidate of each political party for election to the office of Lieutenant Governor shall be selected by the candidate of that party nominated for election to the office of Governor within 30 days following the certification of the candidate for election to the office of Governor, pursuant to subsection b. of R.S.19:13-22. In the event the 30th day occurs on a Saturday or Sunday, the selection shall be made as of the next succeeding business day. A candidate for the office of Lieutenant Governor shall be selected by a candidate who is seeking election to the office of Governor through direct nomination by petition within 30 days following the certification of the candidate for the office of Governor, pursuant to subsection b. of R.S.19:13-22. b.Each candidate for election to the office of Governor shall immediately upon selection of the candidate for election to the office of Lieutenant Governor, file with the Secretary of State a statement, in a form required by the secretary, signed by the candidate and certifying the name and address of the person the gubernatorial candidate selects as the candidate for the office of Lieutenant Governor. The candidate for the office of Lieutenant Governor shall provide such information along with that statement as may be required by the secretary and shall also certify that he or she: (1)has not been convicted of any offense graded by Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes as a crime of the first, second, third or fourth degree, or any offense in any other jurisdiction which, if committed in this State, would constitute such a crime; or (2)has been so convicted, in which case, the candidate shall disclose on the statement the crime for which convicted, the date and place of the conviction and the penalties imposed for the conviction. Such a candidate may, as an alternative, submit with the statement a copy of an official document that provides such information. If the candidate has been convicted of more than one criminal offense, such information about each conviction shall be provided. Records expunged pursuant to chapter 52 of Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes shall not be subject to disclosure. c.In the event that the individual selected to be a candidate for the office of Lieutenant Governor by a candidate for the office of Governor resigns from, or otherwise vacates such candidacy, the replacement candidate for the office of Lieutenant Governor shall be selected by the candidate for election to the office of Governor, pursuant to Article V, Section I, paragraph 4 of the Constitution of the State of New Jersey. d.Except as provided by a provision of Title 19 of the Revised States or by any other provision of the statutory law, any requirement concerning a candidate seeking election to the office of Governor contained in Title 19 shall apply equally to a candidate seeking election to the office of Lieutenant Governor. L.2009, c.66, s.1. NJSA 19:3-3 Election of delegates, alternates at primary election Delegates and alternates to the national conventions of the political parties shall be elected at the primary election to be held on the Tuesday next after the first Monday in June in that year. The members of State, county and municipal committees of the political parties shall be chosen at the primary for the general election as hereinafter provided. Amended 1946, c.11, ss.2,17 (1946, c.11, ss.2,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.2; 1965, c.4, s.2; 1974, c.9, s.1; 1976, c.26; 2005, c.136, s.3; 2007, c.61, s.2; 2011, c.134, s.3. NJSA 19:3-4 Basis of election to office At every election the person or persons, to the number to be elected therein, who shall by law be qualified for the office or offices to be filled at such election, and for whom the greatest number of votes shall have been given therein for such office or offices, shall be deemed and taken to be elected to such office or offices. NJSA 19:3-5 Incompatible offices, prohibition; qualifications for certain elected offices No person shall hold at the same time more than one of the following offices: elector of President and Vice-President of the United States, member of the United States Senate, member of the House of Representatives of the United States, member of the Senate or of the General Assembly of this State, county clerk, register, surrogate or sheriff. No person shall hold the office of member of the Senate or the General Assembly of this State and, at the same time, hold any other elective public office in this State, except that any person who holds the office of member of the Senate or the General Assembly and, at the same time, holds any other elective public office on the effective date of P.L.2007, c.161 may continue to hold that office of member of the Senate or that office of member of the General Assembly, and may hold that other elective public office at the same time if service in the Senate or the General Assembly and the other elective office are continuous following the effective date of P.L.2007, c.161. No person shall be elected an elector of President and Vice-President of the United States unless he shall possess the qualifications of a legal voter of the State, shall be of the age of 25 years or upwards and shall have been a citizen of the United States seven years next preceding such election. No person shall be elected a member of the House of Representatives, or an elector of President and Vice-President who shall hold any office of trust or profit under the United States. Amended 1971, c.2, s.9; 2007, c.161, s.1. NJSA 19:3-5.1 Accepting nomination for more than one office. 1. No person may accept a nomination by petition in the manner provided by R.S.19:13-8 or consent to the acceptance of a nomination in a petition for a primary election in the manner provided by R.S.19:23-7, for more than one office to be filled at the same general election, the simultaneous holding of which would be prohibited by the Constitution of the State of New Jersey or R.S.19:3-5. No provision of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, or of any other law, rule, or regulation shall be interpreted as to prevent a person from accepting a nomination by petition in the manner provided by R.S.19:13-8 or consenting to the acceptance of a nomination in a petition for a primary or general election in the manner provided by R.S.19:23-7 for the offices of Member of the United States House of Representatives or United States Senator and President or Vice President of the United States to be filled at the same general election. Notwithstanding any provision of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes or any other law, rule, or regulation, a person may appear on the ballot as a candidate for the offices of Member of the United States House of Representatives or United States Senator and President or Vice President of the United States simultaneously. L.1979, c.467, s.1; amended 2018, c.133. NJSA 19:3-5.2 Holding simultaneously more than one elective public office prohibited; 3. a. For elective public office other than as provided in R.S.19:3-5 or N.J.S.40A:9-4, a person elected to public office in this State shall not hold simultaneously any other elective public office. b. Notwithstanding the provision of subsection a. of this section, a person who holds simultaneously more than one elective public office on the effective date of P.L.2007, c.161 may continue to hold the elective public offices simultaneously if service in those elective public offices is continuous following the effective date of P.L.2007, c.161. L.2007,c.161,s.3. NJSA 19:3-6 Form of public question; when question deemed approved; "legal voters" defined Any public question voted upon at an election shall be presented in simple language that can be easily understood by the voter. The printed phrasing of said question on the ballots shall clearly set forth the true purpose of the matter being voted upon. Where the question concerns any amendment to the State Constitution, or any act or statute or other legal titles of any nature, the printed phrasing on the ballots shall include a brief statement interpreting same. In event that in any statute the public question to be voted upon is so stated as not clearly to set forth the true purpose of the matter being voted upon and no provision is made in said statute for presenting the same in simple language or printing upon the ballots a brief statement interpreting the same, there may be added on the ballots to be used in voting upon the question, a brief statement interpreting the same and setting forth the true purpose of the matter being voted upon in addition to the statement of the public question required by the statute itself. Such public question, when duly voted upon at an election, shall be deemed to be approved when that percentage of the legal voters of the State or any subdivision thereof as required by the statute authorizing the proposal of such public question shall vote in favor of its adoption. For the purpose of this Title it is hereby declared that the intent and meaning in any such statute of the words "legal voters" are persons entitled to vote, and who do vote, at the time and in the manner prescribed in and by such statute upon the public question submitted; and for the purpose of ascertaining what is the percentage of the legal voters of any district defined in such statute, upon the public question therein directed to be submitted, the persons who do not vote at such election, the persons who do not vote upon the public question and the persons whose ballots may be declared invalid, shall not be estimated, counted or considered. Amended by L.1938, c. 308, p. 706, s. 1; L.1941, c. 170, p. 543, s. 1. NJSA 19:3-7 Office forfeited by nonfiling of statement or filing of false statement If any candidate for nomination for or election to any public office or party position, or his campaign manager, shall fail to file any statement or oath required by this Title to be filed, at the time, place and in the manner required by this Title, and duly verified as herein required, or shall file any false statement, the nomination or election of such candidate, if nominated or elected at the primary or other election concerning which such statement shall have been filed, shall be null and void. Amended by L.1949, c. 24, p. 71, s. 1. NJSA 19:3-9 Circumstances under which office not void When upon the trial of any action or proceedings instituted under this Title for the purpose of securing a determination that any nomination for or election to any public office or party position is null and void, it shall appear from the evidence that the offense complained of was not committed by the candidate, or with his knowledge or consent, and that all reasonable means were taken by or on behalf of the candidate to prevent the commission of any such offense, or that the offenses complained of were trivial or unimportant, and that in all respects his candidacy and election were free from all illegal acts, or that any act or omission of any candidate complained of arose from accidental miscalculation or from some other reasonable cause of like nature, and in any case did not arise from any want of good faith, and under the circumstances it seems to the court or judge to be unjust that the candidate shall forfeit his nomination, position or office, then the nomination or election of such candidate shall not by reason of such offense complained of be void. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 323, s. 1. NJSA 19:3-10 Name not printed on ballot; next highest name printed If it shall be determined in a manner hereinafter provided, that the nomination for an office of a successful candidate at any primary election is null and void, and if such determination shall have been made ten days before the election at which the candidates nominated at such primary election are to be voted for, an order shall be made by the court or judge making such determination prohibiting the printing of the name of such candidate on the ballot to be used at such election, and the name of the candidate for nomination or party position at such primary election receiving the next highest number of votes shall thereupon be printed upon the ballot as the nominee for the office. NJSA 19:3-11 No certificate of election to candidate elected If such determination shall not have been made ten days prior to the election at which the candidates at such primary election are to be voted for, and in case such candidate shall be elected at the election to the office for which he claimed nomination under such void primary, no certificate of election shall be delivered to such candidate and the election for the office for which such person was a candidate shall be null and void. NJSA 19:3-12 Delivered certificate of election void If such determination shall have been made after the delivery of the certificate of election to such candidate, the certificate shall be null and void, and the candidate shall not be inducted into the office for which the certificate was issued. NJSA 19:3-13 Candidate inducted into office; proceedings for vacation of office If such determination shall not have been made until after such candidate has been inducted into office, then upon a certified copy of the record of the determination being sent to the Attorney-General, it shall be his duty to institute appropriate proceedings for the vacation of such office where no other proceeding to the same purpose has been commenced. If the record relates to the election of any candidate for the office of United States Senator, member of Congress, State Senator or member of the General Assembly, the Attorney-General, instead of instituting appropriate proceedings for the vacation of the office, shall send the certified copy, within five days after the same is received by him, to the United States Senate, the House of Representatives, the State Senate or the General Assembly, as the case may be, if such United States Senate, House of Representatives, State Senate or General Assembly is then in session, and if not, then on the first day of such session. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 324, s. 2. NJSA 19:3-14 No certificate of election delivered If it shall be determined, in the manner hereinafter provided, that the election to an office of a candidate at any election is null and void, no certificate of election shall be delivered to the candidate whose election shall have been so determined to be null and void. NJSA 19:3-15 Delivered certificate of election void If such determination shall have been made after the delivery of the certificate of election to such candidate, the certificate shall be null and void, and the candidate shall not be inducted into the office for which the certificate was issued. NJSA 19:3-16 Candidate inducted into office; proceedings for vacation of office If such determination shall not have been made until after such candidate shall have been inducted into office, then upon a certified copy of the record of the determination being sent to the Attorney-General, it shall be his duty to institute appropriate proceedings for the vacation of such office where no other proceeding to the same purpose has been commenced. If the record relates to the election of any candidate to the office of United States Senator, member of Congress, State Senator, or member of the General Assembly, the Attorney-General, instead of instituting appropriate proceedings for the vacation of the office, shall send the certified copy, within five days after the same is received by him, to the United States Senate, the House of Representatives, the State Senate or the General Assembly, as the case may be, if such United States Senate, House of Representatives, State Senate or General Assembly is then in session, and if not, then on the first day of such session. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 324, s. 3. NJSA 19:3-17 No certificate of election delivered If it shall be determined in the manner hereinafter provided, that the election of a person to a party office is null and void, no certificate of election shall be delivered to the candidate whose election shall have been so determined to be null and void. NJSA 19:3-18 Delivered certificate of election void If such determination shall have been made after the delivery of the certificate of election to such candidate, the certificate shall be null and void, and whether such determination shall have been made before or after the delivery of a certificate of election, a certificate of election shall be delivered to the candidate having the next highest number of votes. NJSA 19:3-19 Surrender by delegates to national convention of certificate voided In the case of a delegate-at-large or district delegate to any national convention, whose election shall have been declared null and void under this Title, after a certificate of election has been issued to him, the Attorney-General shall transmit to such convention a certified copy of the judgment and determination of the court or judge declaring the election void, to the end that the certificate of election issued to the person having the next highest number of votes for such party position may be honored by the convention. Any delegate-at-large or district delegate to any national convention to whom a certificate of election shall have been delivered, which certificate shall have been declared null and void after such delivery, shall, upon the service upon him of a certified copy of the determination of the court or judge declaring the certificate null and void, forthwith surrender such certificate to the Clerk of the Superior Court. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 325, s. 4. NJSA 19:3-20 Candidate whose nomination or election annulled ineligible to fill vacancies A candidate nominated for or elected to an office, whose nomination or election has been annulled and set aside for any reason mentioned in this title, shall not, during the period fixed by law as the term of such office, be appointed to fill any vacancy which may occur in such office; but this provision shall not apply to appointments to any office the qualifications for which are prescribed by the constitution of this state or of the United States. NJSA 19:3-21 Candidate removed from office ineligible to fill vacancies; exception A candidate or other person removed from or deprived of his office for any offense mentioned in this title shall not, during the period remaining as the unexpired term of such office, or during the period fixed by law as the next ensuing term of such office, be appointed to fill any vacancy which may occur in such office; but this provision shall not apply to appointments to any office the qualifications for which are prescribed by the constitution of this state or of the United States. NJSA 19:3-22 Appointments null and void An appointment to an office made in violation of or contrary to the provisions of section 19:3-20 or section 19:3-21 of this title shall be void. NJSA 19:3-23 Vacation of office when nomination or election void When the nomination or election of a person to public office within this State or any of its political subdivisions shall have been declared null and void, such person shall remove or be removed from such office. It shall be lawful for the Attorney-General to institute a proceeding in lieu of prerogative writ to remove from office a person whose nomination or election shall be void under the provisions of this Title. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 325, s. 5. NJSA 19:3-24 Right to seek recovery of office unabridged Nothing in this Title contained shall abridge any right which a claimant to any office might otherwise have to institute a proceeding in lieu of prerogative writ for the recovery of such office. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 326, s. 6. NJSA 19:3-25 What constitutes vacancy When a person shall remove or be removed from office because his nomination or election thereto has been declared null and void, such office shall be deemed to be vacant. When an equal number of votes shall have been given to two or more persons to fill any office for which they shall by law be qualified, the office shall be deemed to be vacant. When a person who shall have been elected or appointed to any office as mentioned in section 19:3-5 of this title shall, during the term for which he shall have been elected, or appointed, be elected or appointed to another of such offices, and shall accept the same, such acceptance shall be deemed to make vacant the office to which he shall have been previously elected or appointed; and he shall not be permitted to qualify or take such new office until he shall have formally relinquished the office which he may have been holding. When a person shall, at an election, be elected to two or more of such offices, he shall accept but one of the same, and the other or others shall be deemed vacant. When a person who shall be elected a member of the senate or general assembly of this state shall neglect or refuse for ten days next after the commencement of the session of such house to take his seat therein, or to send to such house a satisfactory excuse, or shall during any session of such house be absent unremittingly for ten days, unless expressly excused by such house from attendance thereon, or shall remove from and cease to be a resident of the state or of the county for which he may have been elected, his office shall be deemed vacant. NJSA 19:3-26 Vacancies in United States senate; election to fill; temporary appointment by governor If a vacancy shall happen in the representation of this State in the United States senate, it shall be filled at the general election next succeeding the happening thereof, unless such vacancy shall happen within 70 days next preceding such election, in which case it shall be filled by election at the second succeeding general election, unless the governor of this State shall deem it advisable to call a special election therefor, which he is authorized hereby to do. The governor of this State may make a temporary appointment of a senator of the United States from this State whenever a vacancy shall occur by reason of any cause other than the expiration of the term; and such appointee shall serve as such senator until a special election or general election shall have been held pursuant to law and the Board of State Canvassers can deliver to his successor a certificate of election. Amended 2011, c.37, s.37. NJSA 19:3-27 Vacancies in United States house of representatives; election to fill When a vacancy shall happen in the representation of this state in the United States house of representatives, it shall be the duty of the governor to issue a writ of election to fill such vacancy, unless the term of service for which the person whose office shall become vacant will expire within six months next after the happening of the vacancy. NJSA 19:3-29 Other vacancies; election to fill A vacancy happening in a public office other than that of United States Senator, Member of Congress, State Senator, or member of the House of Assembly, shall be filled at the general election next succeeding the happening thereof, unless such vacancy shall happen within 70 days next preceding such election, in which case it shall be filled at the second succeeding general election. Amended 1951, c.119, s.2; 2011, c.37, s.38. NJSA 19:3-30 Databases established; information on certain appointed positions and elected offices 1. a. The Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers, The State University, shall establish and maintain two databases that contain for every person appointed to a State board, commission, authority, or other multi-member entity, and for every elected public official in this State, excluding school boards, the name of the individual, the title of the office held, the term of office, the race and the gender identity or expression of that individual, and the appointing authority. b. To establish the database of appointed officials, the Institute may transmit to any person appointed to a State board, commission, authority, or other multi-member entity on or before the effective date of this act, P.L.2021, c.414, a form, developed by the Institute, for completion that records the: (a) individual's full name; (b) the title of the office held and the mailing address for that office; (c) the race of the individual, using the same racial categories as required on the federal decennial census of the United States by the federal Bureau of the Census; (d) the gender identity or expression of the individual; (e) the name and title of the appointing authority; and (f) the term of the office held. The transmission by the Governor or other appointing authority to the Institute of contact information for appointees shall not be deemed a violation of any law, rule, or regulation concerning the confidentiality or privacy of such information. c. (1) To establish the database of elected officials, the Institute may transmit to any individual elected to public office in this State on or before the effective date of this act, P.L.2021, c.414, a form, developed by the Institute, for completion that records: (a) the individual's full name; (b) the title of the public office held and the mailing address for that public office; (c) the race of the individual, using the same racial categories as required on the federal decennial census of the United States by the federal Bureau of the Census; (d) the gender identity or expression of the individual; and (e) the term of the office held. The Secretary of State shall cooperate with the Institute regarding the survey. (2) To maintain the database of elected officials, no later than 30 days after certification of an election in this State, including an election for an individual selected to fill a vacancy in an elective public office for the remainder of a term, the Secretary of State shall transmit to the Institute the election results. The transmission by the Secretary of State to the Institute of any contact information shall not be deemed a violation of any law, rule, or regulation concerning the confidentiality or privacy of such information. d. (1) The Institute shall use the information from the forms received pursuant to subsections b. and c. of this section, to establish and maintain separate databases for appointed public officials and for elected public officials. The databases shall be searchable by the public official's name, title of the office held, the term of the office held, the public official's race, the public official's gender identity or expression, and the appointing authority. Each database shall be available to the public in a prominent location on the website of the Institute, of Rutgers, The State University, and of the Secretary of State. (2) The information in each database shall be reviewed and updated in a timely manner, but no less than once each calendar year. Information on completed forms received by the Institute shall be added to the database within 21 business days of receipt. L.2021, c.414, s.1. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:4 NJSA 19:4-1 Qualifications; persons not having right of suffrage; right to register. Every person possessing the qualifications required by Article II, paragraph 3, of the Constitution of the State of New Jersey and having none of the disqualifications hereinafter stated and being duly registered as required by Title 19, shall have the right of suffrage and shall be entitled to vote in the polling place assigned to the election district in which he actually resides, and not elsewhere. No person shall have the right of suffrage-- (1) Who has been adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to lack the capacity to understand the act of voting; or (2) (Deleted by amendment.) (3) (Deleted by amendment.) (4) (Deleted by amendment.) (5) (Deleted by amendment.) (6) Who has been convicted of a violation of any of the provisions of this Title, for which criminal penalties were imposed, if such person was deprived of such right as part of the punishment therefor while serving a sentence of incarceration according to law unless pardoned or restored by law to the right of suffrage; or (7) Who shall be convicted of the violation of any of the provisions of this Title, for which criminal penalties are imposed, if such person shall be deprived of such right as part of the punishment therefor while serving a sentence of incarceration according to law, unless pardoned or restored by law to the right of suffrage; or (8) Who is serving a sentence of incarceration as the result of a conviction of any indictable offense under the laws of this or another state or of the United States. A person who will have on the day of the next general election the qualifications to entitle him to vote shall have the right to be registered for and vote at such general election and register for and vote at any election, intervening between such date of registration and such general election, if he shall be a citizen of the United States and shall meet the age and residence requirements prescribed by the Constitution of this State and the laws of the United States, when such intervening election is held, as though such qualifications were met before registration. Amended 1948, c.438, s.3; 1955, c.156; 1957, c.205; 1959, c.127, s.1; 1964, c.7, s.1; 1971, c.280; 2010, c.50, s.17; 2019, c.270, s.2. NJSA 19:4-1.1 Findings, declarations relative to the right to vote by persons on parole or probation. 1. The Legislature finds and declares: a. Voting is both a fundamental right and a civic duty. b. In New Jersey, many people are denied the right to vote because they are on probation or parole for an indictable offense. c. New Jersey first denied the right to vote, and permitted the Legislature to deny by law the right to vote, on account of a criminal conviction as part of its Constitution of 1844. d. The law in its current form was enacted decades prior to the dramatic increases in incarceration experienced by New Jersey and the nation over the past 40 years. e. Nearly half of those denied the right to vote because of a criminal conviction are Black, due to racial disparities in the criminal justice system. f. There is no evidence that denying the right to vote to people with criminal convictions serves any legitimate public safety purpose. g. Denying the right to vote to people with criminal convictions who are on parole or probation unnecessarily burdens law enforcement, election officials, and New Jersey residents. Administering New Jersey's current law requires involvement from multiple public safety agencies, as well as State and local election officials, and average citizens need to understand principles of the criminal law in order to know who is or is not eligible to vote. h. This act, P.L.2019, c.270, would conserve law enforcement resources and create a bright-line rule so that average citizens are not wrongly denied their right to vote due to confusion or mistake. L.2019, c.270, s.1. NJSA 19:4-4 Arrest under civil process on election day No person who shall have a right to vote at any election shall be arrested by virtue of any civil process on the day on which such election shall be held. NJSA 19:4-4.1 Voters having more than one place of residence; authority to file statement Any person entitled to vote in this State and who has more than 1 place of residence, may file a statement pursuant to this act. L.1960, c. 195, p. 836, s. 1. NJSA 19:4-4.2 Form and contents of statement The statement shall be in writing, in such form as the Secretary of State may prescribe from time to time, and shall be sworn to under oath, or affirmed, by the person named therein. Every such statement shall set forth facts showing the affiant's qualifications as a voter, a description of the places where he previously resided and the dates thereof, a description of the places where he resides, the names and all residences of the members of his immediate family or household who are of voting age with indication of the residence at which each is domiciled for voting, and a statement of the place of residence where he intends his domicile to be. L.1960, c. 195, p. 836, s. 2. NJSA 19:4-4.3 Statement to be furnished by and filed with election official having jurisdiction of indicated domicile The statement shall be furnished by and filed with the election official whose jurisdiction embraces the indicated domicile of the affiant and with whom voters are required to register or reregister. L.1960, c. 195, p. 836, s. 3. NJSA 19:4-4.4 Filing like statement on subsequent change of domicile Any person who files a statement under section 3 of this act shall be required, as a condition to any subsequent change of domicile within this State, to file a like statement with the election official who received the previous statement and with the election official whose jurisdiction embraces the newly designated domicile. L.1960, c. 195, p. 836, s. 4. NJSA 19:4-4.5 Statement as prima facie evidence of domicile; right to register in voting district A statement satisfying the requirements of sections 2 or 4 of this act shall be prima facie evidence that the place of residence in this State identified therein is the domicile of the affiant. In the absence of evidence contrary thereto appearing either in said statement or otherwise, the affiant shall be entitled to register or reregister within the voting district where such domicile is located, provided he possesses all other qualifications entitling him to do so. Any election official with whom such statement is filed is hereby empowered to conduct such investigation and to require the affiant to furnish additional data or information relating to his identified domicile, as he may consider necessary to discharge his duty pursuant to law. L.1960, c. 195, p. 837, s. 5. NJSA 19:4-4.6 Act as remedial; construction This act shall be deemed remedial and shall be construed in such manner as to assist the affiant to establish his lawful right to vote in his voting district in advance of casting his vote and to enforce such right, pursuant to law. L.1960, c. 195, p. 837, s. 6. NJSA 19:4-4.7 False oath, affirmation, fourth degree crime 7. Any person who shall make false oath or affirmation to any statement under this act, or who shall make any false statement therein, shall be guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. L.1960,c.195,s.7; amended 2005, c.154, s.2. NJSA 19:4-10 Geographical composition As nearly as practicable, each election district shall be composed of contiguous and compact areas having clearly definable boundaries and shall be contained wholly within only one ward, only one municipality, only one county freeholder district, one State legislative district, and only one other district from which any public official is elected, except that for the purpose of establishing Congressional districts pursuant to Article II, Section II of the New Jersey Constitution, an election district may be split between two such districts. The election districts within each municipality shall be numbered consecutively. If any election district is split between two Congressional districts, one of the districts shall also be assigned the letter "a" and the other district shall be assigned the letter "b". L.1976,c.83,s.1; amended 2003, c.5. NJSA 19:4-11 District with one voting machine or four electronic system voting devices; accommodation for person with disabilities; number of voters 2. a. Subject to the provisions of law as to redistricting, each election district in which only one voting machine or four electronic system voting devices are used shall contain no more than 750 voters, except an election district in which there is located a public or private institution where persons entitled to vote may reside, and in such district the number of voters shall be as near to 750 as is practicable. b.Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection a. of this section, no later than January 1, 2006 each election district shall also include at least one voting system capable of permitting individuals with disabilities to vote. L.1976,c.83,s.2; amended 2005, c.145, s.5. NJSA 19:4-12 Districts with more voters; allotment of voting machines devices; appointment of additional members of district board 3. Except as provided pursuant to subsection b. of section 2 of P.L.1976, c.83 (C.19:4-11), each district in which two voting machines or five electronic system voting devices are to be used shall contain, as nearly as is practicable, 1,000 voters, and each district in which three voting machines or eight electronic system voting devices are to be used shall contain, as nearly as is practicable, 1,500 voters. Nothing herein shall prevent any election district from containing fewer voters than prescribed above, if necessary for the convenience of the voters. In a district where more than two voting machines or five electronic system voting devices are to be used, two additional members of the district board, who shall not be members of the same political party, shall be appointed for each additional voting machine or system. L.1976,c.83,s.3; amended 1996, c.120, s.1; 2005, c.145, s.6. NJSA 19:4-13 Readjustment of boundaries for correct number of voters When in any two consecutive general elections in an election district more than 750 or less than 250 votes shall have been cast, the county board shall readjust the boundary lines of such election district and other election districts necessary to effect changes so that none of the election districts affected shall have more than 750 registered voters, and for this purpose shall have power to consolidate any number of districts and subdivide the same. L.1976, c. 83, s. 4, eff. Jan. 1, 1977. NJSA 19:4-14 Revision or readjustment of boundaries at option of county board Where it appears that serious inconveniences have been caused the voters by the size or shape of an election district, or that certain districts contain an unreasonably large or small number of voters in comparison with other districts, or that a change is necessary because of a change in ward lines, the county board may revise or readjust the election districts in the municipality, without regard to whether a readjustment is authorized by section 2 or 3 of this act. L.1976, c. 83, s. 5, eff. Jan. 1, 1977. NJSA 19:4-15 Division of election district, timing 6. a. No county board shall make division of an election district in any year in the period commencing 82 days before the primary election for the general election, and the day of the general election. b. To facilitate the use of Federal decennial census populations for apportionment and redistricting purposes and notwithstanding the provisions of this or any other law, no election districts shall, except with the prior approval of the Secretary of State, be created, abolished, divided or consolidated between January 1 of any year whose last digit is 7 and December 1 of any year whose last digit is 0. L.1976, c.83, s.6; amended 2005, c.136, s.4; 2011, c.134, s.4; 2023, c.16, s.1. NJSA 19:4-16 Maps of county, municipality; filing; formats. 7. a. The county board shall cause to have prepared and shall maintain an up-to-date suitable map of the county and of each constituent municipality clearly delineating the geographical boundaries of each election district contained therein and of the ward, legislative, freeholder, Congressional or other district or part thereof, in which each election district is contained. A word description of such geographical boundaries shall be attached to each such map. The county board shall file copies of such maps and descriptions in the following manner: three copies to the Secretary of State, one copy to the county clerk, and one copy to the clerk of each affected municipality. Within 30 days of any changes in the boundaries of any of the aforementioned districts, the county board shall file revised maps and accompanying revised descriptions in the same manner. Said maps and descriptions shall be public records and shall be available for inspection by the public in the offices of the Secretary of State, county clerks and municipal clerks during normal office hours. Copies shall be made available to the public for a fee necessary to cover the cost of reproduction. In order to effectuate the purposes of this act, the Secretary of State shall establish such rules and regulations governing the preparation, maintenance, distribution and filing of said maps and descriptions as he deems necessary or desirable. b. In addition to the maps and descriptions required to be filed with the Secretary of State under subsection a. of this section, the county board shall file with the Secretary of State the election district boundaries in ESRI Shapefile format in accordance with section 1 of P.L.2019, c.487 (C.19:4-18). L.1976, c.83, s.7; amended 2019, c.487, s.2. NJSA 19:4-17 Secretary of state as liaison with Bureau of Census The Secretary of State shall serve as the State liaison with the Bureau of the Census, United States Department of Commerce, on matters relating to the preparation of maps and the tabulation of the population for election purposes. L.1976, c. 83, s. 8, eff. Jan. 1, 1977. NJSA 19:4-18 "Voting Precinct Transparency Act." 1. a. This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Voting Precinct Transparency Act." b. The Secretary of State shall make available on the official website of the Division of Elections in the Department of State the election district, county district, and municipal ward boundaries required to be filed with the Secretary of State pursuant to section 7 of P.L.1976, c.83 (C.19:4-16), section 121 of P.L.1972, c.154 (C.40:41A-121), and section 7 of P.L.1981, c.496 (C.40:44-15), respectively. The boundary files shall be in ESRI Shapefile format and available for download by the public free of charge, upon implementation of a compatible Statewide Voter Registration System. c. Within 90 days following the certification of the results of any special, primary, school, municipal, or general election, and of any public question voted by the voters at an election, pursuant to Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, the county clerk of each county shall make available on their official website a table or database containing the election results compiled at the election districts level. If feasible, the table or database shall include the results of mail-in ballots delineated by election district. The election results table or database shall be in a single file, in a comma-delimited values format, and shall contain a unique identifier field for each election district that matches the unique identifier field for that district in the election districts Shapefile. In the event that election results specific to mail-in ballots are unable to be included in the table or database created pursuant to this subsection, the votes by mail-in ballot for a particular candidate shall be included in a separate table or database. A mail-in ballot received and counted shall not be attributed in the table or database to an election district or other geographic unit in which the voter does not reside. The election results table or database shall be available for download by the public free of charge. d. The Secretary of State, in consultation with the New Jersey Office of Information Technology, Office of Geographic Information Systems, shall issue technical guidelines governing the preparation, maintenance, and submission of boundary files and election results files deemed necessary or desirable to accomplish the provisions of this section. L.2019, c.487, s.1. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:5 NJSA 19:5-1 Powers of and restrictions upon political parties; party columns on official ballot A political party may nominate candidates for public office at primary elections provided for in this Title, elect committees for the party within the State, county or municipality, as the case may be, and in every other respect may exercise the rights and shall be subject to the restrictions herein provided for political parties; except that no political party which fails to poll at any primary election for a general election at least ten per centum (10%) of the votes cast in the State for members of the General Assembly at the next preceding general election, held for the election of all of the members of the General Assembly, shall be entitled to have a party column on the official ballot at the general election for which the primary election has been held. In such case the names of the candidates so nominated at the primary election shall be printed in the column or columns designated "Nomination by Petition" on the official ballot under the respective titles of office for which the nominations have been made, followed by the designation of the political party of which the candidates are members. Amended by L.1948, c. 438, p. 1696, s. 4. NJSA 19:5-2 Membership and organization of municipal committees The members of the municipal committees of political parties shall consist of the elected members of the county committee resident in the respective municipalities. The members of the municipal committee shall take office by the third Saturday following the certification of the results of their election as members of the county committee, on which day the terms of all members of such committees theretofore elected shall terminate. The annual meeting of each municipal committee shall be held by the third Saturday following the certification of the results of the primary election for the general election, at an hour and place to be designated in a notice to be given by the chairperson to each member and member-elect. The members of each committee shall elect some suitable person who shall be a resident of such municipality as chairperson. The municipal committee shall have power to adopt a constitution and bylaws for its proper government. The chairperson shall preside at all meetings of the committee, and shall perform all duties required by law and the constitution and bylaws of such committee. When a member of a municipal committee ceases to be a resident of the district or unit from which elected, a vacancy on the committee shall exist. A member of a municipal committee of any political party may resign their office to the committee of which they are a member, and upon acceptance thereof by the committee a vacancy shall exist. A vacancy in the office of a member of a municipal committee of any political party, howsoever caused, shall be filled for the unexpired term by the remaining members of the committee in the municipality in which the vacancy occurs. Amended 1979, c.458, s.1; 2009, c.135, s.1; 2021, c.108, s.1. NJSA 19:5-2.1 Access to financial records of municipal committees; request by persons elected to membership in committee In the time intervening between a primary election at which the members of a municipal committee of a political party are elected and the annual meeting of the municipal committee as provided by R.S. 19:5-2, any person elected to membership on that municipal committee at that election may request, in writing and by certified mail, either access to the complete financial records of the municipal committee or a copy of the balance sheet of the municipal committee showing the assets and liabilities of the municipal committee as of the close of business on the date of that primary election. The person requesting that access or copy of the balance sheet shall receive the access or copy so requested within 48 hours of the receipt of that request by the committee. L.1983, c. 579, s. 22, eff. Jan. 17, 1984. NJSA 19:5-3 Membership and organization of county committees; vacancies; certification of unit of representation and number of election districts The members of the county committees of political parties shall be elected at the primary for the general election in the manner provided in this Title for the selection of party candidates to be voted for at the general election by voters of a municipality at such intervals as shall be provided in the bylaws of the county committee. The county committee shall consist of one male and one female member from each unit of representation in the county. The male receiving the highest number of votes among the male candidates and the female receiving the highest number of votes among the female candidates shall be declared elected. Members of the county committee shall actually reside in the districts or units which they respectively represent. The county committee shall determine by its bylaws the units into which the county shall be divided for purpose of representation in the county committee. The members of the county committee of each of the political parties shall take office by the third Saturday following the certification of the results of their election, on which day the terms of all members of such committees theretofore elected shall terminate. The annual meeting of each county committee shall be held by the third Saturday following the certifications of the results of the primary election, except that when such meeting day falls on a legal holiday then the said meeting shall be held on the day following, and when such meeting day falls on the day of a municipal runoff election within the county then said meeting may be held on the day following, at an hour and place to be designated in a notice in writing to be mailed by the chairperson to each member and member-elect. If the annual meeting coincides with a period of religious observance, the meeting may be held on another date, and under no circumstances shall that date occur later than the third Tuesday following the certification of the results of the primary election. The members of such committee shall elect some suitable person as chairperson who shall be a resident of such county to hold office until a successor is elected. The chairperson of the outgoing county committee shall transmit, with the notice of the annual meeting, a copy of the constitution and bylaws to any newly elected committee member. The members shall also elect a vice-chairperson of the opposite sex of the chairperson to hold office for 1 year or until a successor is elected and the vice-chairperson shall perform all duties required by law and the constitution and bylaws of such committee. Any person elected or appointed to membership on the county committee pursuant to R.S.19:5-2 may request, in writing and by certified mail to the county chairperson, such constitution or bylaws currently in effect. The committee member requesting the constitution or bylaws shall receive the constitution or bylaws within 48 hours of the receipt of the request by the chairperson. The chairperson shall preside at all meetings of the committee and shall perform all duties required by law and the constitution and bylaws of such committee. When a member of a county committee ceases to be a resident of the district or unit from which elected, a vacancy on the county committee shall exist. A member of a county committee of any political party may resign their office to the committee of which they are a member, and upon acceptance thereof by the committee, a vacancy shall exist. A vacancy in the office of a member of the county committee of any political party, caused by death, resignation, failure to elect, or removal for cause, shall be filled for the unexpired term by the municipal committee of the municipality wherein the vacancy occurs, if there is such committee, and if not, by the remaining members of the county committee of such political party representing the territory in the county in which such vacancy occurs. The chairperson of the outgoing county committee shall provide a copy of the constitution and bylaws to any committee member appointed pursuant to R.S.19:5-2 to fill a vacancy within three business days of the committee member's selection. The chairperson of the county committee of the several political parties shall, before April 1 in a year in which county committee members are to be elected, certify to the clerk of each municipality in the county the unit of representation in such municipality, together with the enumeration of the election district or districts embraced within such unit. Amended 1946, c.11, ss.3,17 (1946, c.11, ss.3,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.4; 1955, c.236; 1964, c.23; 1965, c.4, s.3; 1966, c.19, s.2; 1967, c.7, s.2; 1967, c.26, s.2; 1968, c.292, s.2; 1978, c.29; 1979, c.458, s.2; 1980, c.105, s.3; 2009, c.135, s.2; 2011, c.180; 2021, c.108, s.2. NJSA 19:5-3.1 Access to financial records of county committees; request by persons elected to membership in committee In the time intervening between a primary election at which the members of a county committee of a political party are elected and the annual meeting of the county committee as provided by R.S. 19:5-3, any person elected to membership on that county committee at that election may request, in writing and by certified mail, either access to the complete financial records of the county committee or a copy of the balance sheet of the county committee showing the assets and liabilities of the county committee as of the close of business on the date of that primary election. The person requesting that access or copy of the balance sheet shall receive the access or copy so requested within 48 hours of the receipt of that request by the committee. L.1983, c. 579, s. 23, eff. Jan. 17, 1984. NJSA 19:5-3.2 Adoption of constitution, bylaws by county committee, posting on Internet website 3. The members of the county committee of a political party shall adopt a constitution and bylaws, ensuring fundamental fairness and the rights of the members of the county committee in the governance of the county party. The constitution and bylaws of a county committee shall be posted and displayed on its Internet website, if the committee has a website. A county committee shall provide a copy of its constitution and bylaws to the county board of elections of the county, and the constitution and bylaws shall be posted and displayed on the county board's Internet website, if the county board has a website. L.2009, c.135, s.3 NJSA 19:5-4 Membership and organization of State committees; vacancies; national committee members The members of the State committee of each of the political parties shall be elected at the primary for the general election of the year in which a Governor is to be elected. The number of males and females comprising the State committee of each of the political parties from each county may be determined by the bylaws of each such political party, but in any event in accordance with one of the following methods: a.One male and one female member of the State committee to be elected in each county, each having one vote; or b.Not less than 79 nor more than 82 elected members, to be apportioned among the several counties in accordance with population as determined at the most recent Federal decennial census; provided that each county shall have at least one vote, and provided further that the members of the State committee from each county shall be divided equally between males and females. In those counties with an odd number of State committee members, one seat shall be shared by one male and one female who shall each have one-half vote in all matters of the State committee; or c.One male and one female member of the State committee to be elected in each county, each member having a vote weighted in strength on the basis of population as determined at the most recent Federal decennial census. The members of the State committee of each of the political parties shall take office on the first Tuesday following their election, on which day the terms of all members of such committees theretofore elected shall terminate. The annual meeting of the State committee shall be held on the first Tuesday after such primary election at the hour and place to be designated in a notice in writing to be mailed by the chairman of the outgoing State committee to each member-elect. The members of the committee shall elect some suitable person as chairman. The committee shall have power to adopt a constitution and bylaws for its proper government. The chairman shall preside at all meetings of the committee and shall perform all duties required of him by law and the constitution and bylaws of such committee. A member of a State committee of any political party may resign his office to the committee of which he is a member, and upon acceptance thereof by the committee a vacancy shall exist. A vacancy in the office of a member of the State committee of any political party, howsoever caused, shall be filled for the unexpired term by the members of the county committee of such political party in the county in which the vacancy occurs. Members of the State committee shall serve for 4 years or until their successors are elected. The State committee shall choose its chairperson and the member or members of the national committee of its political party. Amended 1948, c.216, ss.1,3; 1978, c.15, s.1; 2009, c.135, s.4. NJSA 19:5-4a Access to financial records of state committee; request by persons elected to committees In the time intervening between a primary election at which the members of a State committee of a political party are elected and the annual meeting of the State committee as provided by R.S. 19:5-4, any person elected to membership on that State committee at that election may request, in writing and by certified mail, either access to the complete financial records of the State committee or a copy of the balance sheet of the State committee showing the assets and liabilities of the State committee as of the close of business on the date of that primary election. The person requesting that access or copy of the balance sheet shall receive the access or copy so requested within 48 hours of the receipt of that request by the committee. L.1983, c. 579, s. 24, eff. Jan. 17, 1984. NJSA 19:5-4.1 Apportionment of members different from apportionment under which current members elected; adoption of bylaws; election of new members a. The State committee of any political party may adopt bylaws prescribing the apportionment of members of said committee different from the method under which the members currently serving were elected, in accordance with section 1 of this amendatory and supplementary act. Such bylaws shall be adopted by a majority of the members of the respective State committee present and voting at a duly convened meeting of said State committee at which a quorum of at least 40% plus one is present. The chairman of such State committee shall certify the adoption of its bylaws to the Secretary of State within 10 days of their adoption. b. In the event that a State committee of any political party shall adopt bylaws providing for an apportionment of members different from the apportionment under which the current members were elected and requiring the election of additional members before the next primary election at which candidates for Governor are to be nominated, the additional members of such State committee shall be elected at the primary election following the adoption of said bylaws. c. The chairman of such State committee shall, no later than 45 days before the date of the primary election, notify in writing the chairman of each county committee of such party of the number of additional male and female members and members with less than one full vote to be elected from the county at such election. At the same time the chairman of the State committee shall make similar notification to the county clerk of each county. d. The members and officers of the State committee adopting such bylaws shall serve out the terms to which they had been elected and shall be the only members who shall participate in the process of nomination of members of county boards of election provided for in this act until the termination of their terms. L.1978, c. 15, s. 6, eff. March 30, 1978. NJSA 19:5-4.2 Inadequacy of time to give notice; filling of additional memberships on state committee In the event that notice of the additional members of the State committee to be elected from the county can not be given within the time prescribed in subsection c. of section 6 of this act, the additional memberships on such State committee shall be filled in the same manner as vacancies are filled under R.S. 19:5-4 by the county committee of each county to which additional members have been apportioned. L.1978, c. 15, s. 7, eff. March 30, 1978. NJSA 19:5-5 Maintenance of party organization Any State committee, county committee or municipal committee of any political party may receive and disburse moneys for the general purposes of maintaining such organization during the whole or any part of the year. The expenses for maintenance of organization shall be confined to the hiring or acquisition of suitable quarters for meetings of such committee, for stationery, for hiring of necessary clerks, for the expenses of notices of the meetings of such committee, for giving publicity to the policies and candidates of their respective party organizations, and other expenses incidental to the maintenance of such organization. Amended by L.1973, c. 83, s. 27, eff. April 24, 1973. NJSA 19:5-6 Annual convention; members; time and place, platform; resolutions and public hearings There shall be held in each year in which all members of the General Assembly are to be elected, a State convention of each of the political parties. Such State convention of each party shall consist of the following members: (1) The party candidates for the following offices: (a) Members of the Senate or House of Representatives of the United States from this State, nominated at the party primaries held for the nomination of candidates for any of said offices immediately preceding the convention. (b) State Senator nominated, in each county, at the party primaries, held for the nomination of a candidate for said office, immediately preceding the convention, and (c) Members of the General Assembly, nominated in each county, at the party primaries immediately preceding the convention, if the convention is to be held in a year in which all of the members of the General Assembly are to be elected; or all of the party candidates for said offices, in each county, who were voted upon and were not elected at the general election held in the year immediately preceding the convention, if the convention is to be held in a year other than one in which all of the members of the General Assembly are to be elected, except that any candidates nominated for the filling of vacancies, in said offices, at the party primaries held in the year in which the convention is held, shall replace, to an equal number, the candidates so voted upon and not elected at the general election held in the preceding year, who received the least number of votes in said general election; (2) The candidate of the party for Governor nominated at the primaries in said year; (3) Members of the State Senate and of the General Assembly belonging to the party who are holding office at the time of the State convention and whose successors are not to be chosen at the ensuing general election; (4) Members of the State Committee chosen as herein provided; (5) Members of the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States from this State, belonging to such party, who are holding office at the time of the holding of the State convention and whose successors are not to be chosen at the ensuing general election; (6) Members of the National Committee from this State; and (7) The county chairperson and vice chairperson of the several county committees. The convention of each party shall be held at the city of Trenton on the second Thursday after the primary election for the general election in each year in which all members of the General Assembly are to be elected. When the day prescribed by law for holding State conventions of political parties, or any adjournment thereof, falls on a legal holiday, the convention or adjournment thereof, as the case may be, shall be held on the day preceding such legal holiday. The place and the hour at which the convention shall meet shall be fixed by call of the existing State Committee to be issued at least 5 days prior to the date of meeting. If no call is issued by the State Committee, any person qualified to sit in the convention may issue a call. The convention of each party shall have power to adopt and promulgate a party platform for its party, and to transact such other business as may properly come before it. The convention of each political party, in this Title authorized, upon convening, shall appoint a committee on resolutions consisting of five members. The convention shall then be open for the reception of all proposed planks for the party platform, which planks shall be referred to the committee on resolutions, whose duty it shall be to prepare a tentative party platform and furnish it to each member of the convention within 4 75 days. The committee on resolutions of each political party shall hold a minimum of three public hearings throughout the State. A number of such public hearings shall be held in the evenings, if feasible, to give the largest possible number of people an opportunity to express their views. The State convention of each political party shall adjourn to meet again at its originally set meeting place not later than 90 days after the initial adjournment of such convention. The State chairman of each political party shall set the date of the adjourned meeting of his party. A notice of the date of the adjourned meeting of each political party shall be furnished to each member of each respective convention not later than 15 days prior to such adjourned meeting. At such meeting the respective conventions shall consider and may adopt the draft of the platform so prepared by the committee on resolutions with such amendments as shall be suggested and adopted in the conventions as a whole. The voting on the adoption of the party platform shall be on the entire platform as reported by the committee on resolutions, unless there be an objection to any separate plank or planks or to any amendment thereto, in which case the voting on such plank or planks or amendment shall be by the "ayes" and "nays" of the members of the convention present and voting. The provisions of this section shall not preclude the holding of additional State conventions of the political parties at such times as the State Committees of the parties shall determine. Amended by L.1948, c.216, s.2; 1950, c.35, s.1; 1958, c.125, s.1; 1959, c.99, s.1; 1977, c. 145, s. 1; L.1979, c. 423, s. 1, eff. Feb. 8, 1980. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:6 NJSA 19:6-1 Membership The district boards in each election district shall consist of four members, except that where electronic voting systems are in use any election district in which there are more than 900 registered voters the district board shall consist of six members. The members shall be appointed by the county board of the county in which such election district is located, in the manner hereinafter provided. In election districts in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, the county board shall appoint two additional members who shall be of Hispanic origin and fluent in Spanish. Amended by L.1974, c. 30, s. 1; L.1975, c. 316, s. 3, eff. Feb. 19, 1976. NJSA 19:6-2 Application for membership on district board; qualifications a. The following persons may apply in writing to the county board, on a form prepared and furnished by the county board, for appointment as a member of a district board of any municipality in the county in which he or she resides: (1) a legal voter who is a member of a political party by virtue of having voted in a party primary or who has filed a party declaration form for the ensuing primary election for the general election with the commissioner of the county in which the voter is registered and who, for two years prior to making written application, has not espoused the cause of another political party or its candidates; (2) a legal voter who is not affiliated with a political party; (3) a United States citizen and resident of this State who is 16 or 17 years of age, attends a secondary school and has the written permission of his or her parent or guardian to serve as a member of the board if appointed; or (4) a United States citizen and resident of this State who is 16 or 17 years of age and has graduated from a secondary school or has passed a general educational development test, GED, and has the written permission of his or her parent or guardian to serve as a member of the board if appointed. b.The application, signed by the applicant under his or her oath, shall state: (1) the applicant's name and address; (2) the applicant's age, if the applicant is less than 18 years of age; (3) the political party to which he or she belongs or, if the applicant is not affiliated with a political party, the fact that the applicant is not so affiliated; (4) that the applicant is of good moral character and has not been convicted of any crime involving moral turpitude; and (5) that the applicant possesses the following qualifications: eyesight, with or without correction, sufficient to read nonpareil type; ability to read the English language readily; ability to add and subtract figures correctly; ability to write legibly with reasonable facility; reasonable knowledge of the duties to be performed by the applicant as an election officer under the election laws of this State; and health sufficient to discharge his or her duties as an election officer. c.If an applicant for appointment to a district board is 16 or 17 years of age, then the applicant shall provide to the county board, along with the application provided under subsection b. of this section: (1) a written document signed by the applicant's parent or guardian giving the applicant permission to serve as a member of a district board if appointed and (2) if an election, meeting or training is scheduled to take place when school is in session, a written document from his or her school that acknowledges the applicant's application for appointment as a member of a district board and excuses the applicant from school on the dates of service if appointed, except that the requirement contained in subparagraph (2) of this subsection shall not apply to a United States citizen and resident of this State who is 16 or 17 years of age and has graduated from a secondary school or has passed a general educational development test, GED. d.No person shall be precluded from applying to serve as a member of a district board of any municipality for failure to vote in any year such person was ineligible to vote by reason of age or residence. e.In no case shall a person 16 or 17 years of age be permitted to serve as a member of a district board on the day of an election for more than the number of hours permitted for such a person to work pursuant to P.L.1940, c.153 (C.34:2-21.1 et seq.), as amended and supplemented. Amended 1940, c.136; 1973, c.261; 1981, c.257, s.1; 1996, c.120, s.2; 2002, c.125; 2005, c.136, s.5; 2011, c.134, s.5. NJSA 19:6-3 Appointment of district board members by county board, Assignment Judge of Superior Court a. (1) The county board shall, on or before April 1, appoint the members of the district boards in the manner prescribed by paragraph (2) of this subsection. The members of any district board shall be equally apportioned between the two political parties which at the last preceding general election held for the election of all of the members of the General Assembly cast the largest and next largest number of votes respectively in this State for members of the General Assembly, except that if the county board is unable to fill all of the positions of the members of a particular district board from among qualified members of those two political parties, the county board shall appoint to any such unfilled position an otherwise qualified person who is unaffiliated with any political party, but no such appointment of an unaffiliated person shall be made prior to March 25, and in no event shall more than two such unaffiliated persons serve at the same time on any district board. (2)In making appointments of members of the several district boards of the county, the county board shall consult with the chairperson of the county committee of each of the two political parties referred to in paragraph (1) of this subsection. On or before March 15 of each year, the county board shall transmit to each of those chairpersons a list of those positions on the membership of the several district boards that are subject to apportionment under that paragraph (1) to the political party of which that chairperson is a member, and to which the county board has been unable to make an appointment from among qualified members of that political party. The county board shall include with each such list a request that the chairperson to whom that list is transmitted return to the board a list of the names of candidates for those unfilled positions. On or before March 25, the county board shall, on the basis of the lists so returned to it, fill as many of the remaining unfilled positions in the membership of the several district boards as possible, and shall assign or reassign appointees as necessary to ensure that the membership of each district board within the county shall include at least one member of each of the two political parties. The county board shall then appoint to any unfilled position on a district board an otherwise qualified person who is unaffiliated with any political party. b.In case the county board shall neglect, refuse or be unable to appoint and certify the members of the district boards as herein provided, the Assignment Judge of the Superior Court shall, before April 10 of every other year, make such appointments and certifications. Amended 1948, c.2, s.5; 1953, c.19, s.8; 1965, c.4, s.4; 1966, c.19, s.3; 1991, c.91, s.239; 1996, c.120, ss.3,11; 2005, c.136, s.6; 2007, c.61, s.3; 2011, c.134, s.6. NJSA 19:6-4 Removal of members A judge of the Superior Court or the county board shall have power to dismiss any member of a district board from such board for an illegal act, or for any cause which shall be determined in a summary way by such judge or county board. The county board shall dismiss the members of a district board from such board if upon any recount of the votes cast in such district it shall appear that errors occurred in the count or the certificate thereof, which, under the provisions of this Title, are sufficient to cause the costs of such recount to be paid by the State, county or municipality; and no person so removed from any board shall thereafter be eligible to serve as a member of the same or any other district election board. Application for the removal of all of the members, or of any member of any district election board, may, within ten days after the final order has been entered on any recount which may have been allowed affecting such district, be made by any candidate at the last election to a judge of the Superior Court or the county board. On the application, summary hearings shall be held to determine whether the board or the member was incompetent or careless in the receipt of illegal votes or the rejection of legal votes or otherwise in the conduct of the election generally. If, upon such hearing, it appears to the judge or the county board, as the case may be, that such incompetency or carelessness existed, the board or the member thereof found so to be incompetent or careless shall be removed and upon such removal disqualified from further service as a member of any district board. Amended 1953,c.19,s.9; 1991,c.91,s.240. NJSA 19:6-5 Removal of district board member; filing of vacancies Any member of a district board in an election district may be summarily removed from office, with or without cause, and vacancies filled, at any time by the members of the county board of the county in which such election district is located in the manner hereinafter provided. In the case of a member of the district board who was appointed as a member of a political party, removal shall be made by the members of the county board of that political party, and in the case of a member of the district board unaffiliated with a political party at the time of appointment, removal shall be made by the county board. Upon a removal the members of the county board so acting shall make a certificate of removal and file same with the county board. The members of the county board removing such election officer shall forthwith proceed to fill the vacancy caused by the removal, and shall issue to the person selected to fill the vacancy a certificate which shall entitle that person to perform all the duties of a member of the district board for such election district. Amended 1996, c.120, s.4. NJSA 19:6-6 Board may function notwithstanding vacancies If there shall be a vacancy in the membership of any district board the remaining members shall function until the vacancy be filled. NJSA 19:6-7 Assignment of members to election districts Any person selected as a member of a district board may be assigned by the county board to any election district, or transferred from one district to another after having been so assigned, in the municipality for which such person was elected, and the county board shall, on or before April 15 in each year, certify to the clerk of the county and to the municipal clerk the names of the persons appointed to the district boards of registry and election in the election districts in the county, specifying the municipalities and the districts therein for which such members shall have been appointed. Amended by L.1948, c. 2, p. 33, s. 6; L.1965, c. 4, s. 5. NJSA 19:6-8 Term of office; notification of appointment The terms of office of the members of the district boards shall be for 1 year, or until their successors are appointed, and shall begin on April 25 of each year. The county board shall notify the members of each district board of their appointment by forwarding a certificate to each member on or before April 20 in each year, specifying the district to which each member has been assigned. Amended by L.1948, c. 2, p. 33, s. 7; L.1965, c. 4, s. 6. NJSA 19:6-9 Attendance of members Every person so assigned shall attend at the times and places now or hereafter fixed by law or by the county board for the performance of any duty now or hereafter required of any member of a district board. NJSA 19:6-9.1 Conduct of election may be divided into two shifts Notwithstanding any other provision of this Title to the contrary, in any election the county board may direct that responsibility for the conduct of that election in an election district shall be divided between a first shift and a second shift of the district board of that district, provided that the responsibility for performance of the duties of judge and inspector of any such district board shall not be so divided between shifts, and the members of such a board who shall have been selected as judge and inspector thereof shall serve on both shifts of that board. Whenever a county board shall have determined to direct such a division of responsibility in an election district, it shall, not later than the second day preceding the election, appoint such additional members to the district board of the district as may be required, in the same manner as provided for the appointment of district board members under R.S.19:6-1, provided that no additional members shall be appointed for the purpose of dividing responsibility for performance of the duties of judge or inspector of that district board. The county board shall also, at the same time at which any such appointment of additional members is made, designate each member of the district board other than the judge or inspector of the board, whether that member was appointed under R.S.19:6-1 or appointed as an additional member under this section, to serve either on the first or the second shift of the board; in making this designation, the county board of elections shall give due consideration to ensuring that district board members with experience in the conduct of elections are included in the membership of each shift. With respect to any district board of elections for which shifts have been established hereunder, the provisions of this section shall not be construed to prevent a county board of elections from designating a clerk member of that board to serve on both shifts of the board, or from establishing a preference, in appointing the clerk members of that board, for the selection of individuals who are available to serve on both shifts of the board. The county board shall establish the hours during which each shift shall serve, and shall timely notify the judge and inspector of the district board of the hours of the two shifts and the respective members of each shift of the hours of that shift's service. The two shifts shall be as nearly equal in duration as is practicable. The members of the second shift shall be required to be present at the polls not later than one-half hour prior to the end of the first shift, and the responsibility for the conduct of the election in the election district shall be transferred from the first shift to the second shift during that last half-hour period of the first shift's service under such rules as the county board shall prescribe. The members of each shift of a district board of elections designated under this section shall have all of the responsibilities prescribed by law for the conduct of the election during the period in which that shift serves. In addition, the members of the first shift shall have responsibility, subject to the several duties specifically conferred by law upon the judge and inspector of the district board, for the receipt and custody, prior to the election, of election supplies and equipment; for preparation of the polling place for the election; and for the performance of all other duties relating to the election which are required by law to be carried out prior to the commencement of the balloting, up to and including the opening of the polls. Likewise, the members of the second shift shall have responsibility, subject to the several duties specifically conferred by law upon the judge and inspector of the district board, for closing the polls; for counting the votes cast in the election and ascertaining the results thereof; for the preparation and delivery of statements of those results; for the proper disposition of ballots in accordance with law; for the securing of the ballot boxes or voting machines; for the return of all election equipment and supplies; and for the performance of all other duties relating to the election which are required by law to be carried out following the closing of the polls. The compensation of a member of a shift of the district board payable with respect to the member's service on that shift shall be equal to one-half of the amount, pursuant to R.S.19:45-6, payable to members of a district board for which no division of responsibilities between a first shift and second shift, as provided by this section, has been established. L.1991,c.102,s.1. NJSA 19:6-10 Meeting, organization of district board Each district board shall, on or before the second Tuesday next preceding the primary election, meet and organize by the election of one of its members as judge, who shall be chairman of the board, and another of its members as inspector. The judge and inspector shall not be members or voters of the same political party. In case of failure to elect a judge as herein provided, after balloting or voting three times, the senior member of the board in respect to length of continuous service as a member of such district board shall become judge, and in case of failure to elect an inspector after balloting or voting three times, the next senior member of the board in respect to length of continuous service as a member of such district board shall become inspector; provided, that both the chairman and the inspector shall not be members or voters of the same political party. The other members of the board shall be clerks of election, and shall perform all the duties required by law of the clerks of district boards. Amended 1939, c.81; 1946, c.11, s.4, 1996, c.120, s.5; 2005, c.136, s.7; 2011, c.134, s.7. NJSA 19:6-11 Oath of office of members; power to administer oaths Each member of the district board shall before entering upon the performance of his duties take and subscribe an oath or affirmation in writing before a duly qualified officer, faithfully and impartially to discharge all his duties as such officer to the best of his skill and ability. Such oaths and affirmations shall be forthwith forwarded to the county clerk and by him filed in his office, and after so qualifying, any member of such board may at any meeting thereof administer any oath or affirmation required or permitted to be taken by this title. NJSA 19:6-12 Member becoming candidate The office of a member of a district board in an election district shall be deemed vacant upon such member becoming a candidate for an office to be voted upon at any primary, general election, school election, or special election for which he was appointed to serve, such candidacy to be determined by the filing of a petition of nomination, duly accepted by such member, in the manner provided by law. The municipal or county clerk with whom such petition and acceptance may be filed shall forthwith notify the county board of the county in which such election district is located, giving the name and residence of the member of the district board who has thus become a candidate, and the vacancy shall be filled as provided by law. Amended 1995,c.278,s.15. NJSA 19:6-13 Vacancies; filling A vacancy arising in a district board otherwise than by expiration of term shall be filled for the unexpired term in the same manner as the original appointment. The board shall certify the name and address of the person so appointed and the name of the district in which the vacancy exists to the clerk of the county and to the municipal clerk, and the person so appointed shall be notified in the manner above provided. NJSA 19:6-14 Boards for changed or new election districts; appointment When the boundaries of an election district in a municipality shall have been changed or a new district created between the time of holding the general election and the time of holding the next primary or special election, or where the boundaries of an election district shall not be the same as at the general election, the county board on being notified thereof shall appoint a district board for such election district, in the manner hereinbefore provided for the appointment of district boards. NJSA 19:6-15 Constabulary powers of members; police assistance 19:6-15. a. The district boards of every election district shall preserve the peace and maintain good order in their respective polling places during the progress of all elections and the counting of the votes cast thereat. To that end, each member of every such board, during the progress of an election and the counting and canvassing of the votes, shall be and hereby is invested and charged with all the powers and duties of constables of this State in criminal matters. b. Such election board, or any members thereof, shall not request the authorities of any municipality, county, or the State, or the body or officer having charge and direction of the police force in such municipality, county, or the State, to detail one or more police officers to assist in preserving the peace and good order in and about such polling place, and no such request shall be complied with by the body or officer to whom the same is made. c. The election board or the superintendent of elections in the county in which an election is held may contact a law enforcement agency if information is obtained prior to or during the election that in the judgment of the election board or superintendent of elections should be communicated to a law enforcement agency. d. Nothing in this section shall be construed to prohibit any activity otherwise permitted under R.S.19:6-16. Amended 2021, c.459, s.1. NJSA 19:6-15.1 Uniforms and exposed weapons forbidden; penalty 2. a. No person who is employed as a police officer, either full-time or part-time, by the State or an instrumentality thereof, or by a political subdivision of the State or an instrumentality thereof, including a person appointed as a police officer by an institution of higher education pursuant to P.L.1970, c.211 (C.18A:6-4.2 et seq.), shall serve as a member of a district board of elections, unless the person is off-duty, or serve as a duly authorized challenger for a political party or a candidate or on a public question in the municipality in which that person is employed, or if employed by an institution of higher education, any municipality in which the institution is physically located, or if employed by a county or the State, in the county in which that person is employed or stationed, respectively, or wear a police officer's uniform or carry an exposed weapon at any time, including at a polling place on an election day. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit a police officer who is a candidate for an office and whose name appears upon the ballot to be voted for an election from acting as a challenger during that election as may be permitted by another provision of law for a candidate to act as a challenger. b. No person employed as a police officer as described in subsection a. of this section, whether on or off-duty or whether in or out of uniform, shall remain or stand within 100 feet of a polling place during the conduct of an election unless present at the location in response to a request for assistance in accordance with R.S.19:6-16 or as otherwise provided herein or pursuant to this act, P.L.2021 c.459. c. Nothing herein shall be interpreted to prohibit a police officer or law enforcement officer from: traveling to and from, or remaining within, their personal residence if that residence is within 100 feet of a polling place; voting at that polling place in a personal capacity; or escorting to or from, or both, a polling place a person who may require assistance of the officer. L.1991,c.306,s.2; amended 2021, c.459, s.2. NJSA 19:6-16 Police assigned to district boards in municipalities T 19:6-16. a. The commission, committee, board or official having charge of the police department in any county or municipality shall not assign police officers to any district board in that county or municipality, in order to enforce the election laws, maintain order, peace and quiet during the hours of registry and election, assist the board by performing the duties of a board member, or serve at the polling place of that district board, or in order to perform other routine purposes related to the conduct of elections, except that a district board, superintendent of elections, or a county clerk may request that a police officer or sheriff's officer be assigned to transport specific election materials to a polling place or from a polling place to the district board or county clerk and a police officer or sheriff's officer may be assigned for that purpose. The commission, committee, board or official having charge of the police department in any county or municipality may assign one or more police officers to a senior residential center that has reported a threat or safety concern, and any such officer assigned to a senior residential center shall not interfere with any person present at the location for the purpose of voting. b. Nothing in subsection a. of this section, subsection b. of R.S.19:6-15, or subsection b. of section 2 of P.L.1991, c.306 (C.19:6-15.1) shall be construed to prohibit the dispatch, detail, or assignment of a police officer or other law enforcement officer due to a request for assistance made to the commission, committee, board, body, authority, or official having charge of the police department in any county or municipality, or to any other law enforcement agency, for assistance with regard to a specific emergency, allegation of criminal conduct, or disturbance that exists at the time the request for assistance is made. The police officers or law enforcement officers responding to the request for assistance shall take any prompt actions as may be available and as may be necessary in order to address the emergency, allegation, or disturbance and ensure the continued orderly conduct of the election and election processes, and shall remain present at that location during the conduct of the election only as long as necessary to investigate, address, and remove that specific emergency or disturbance. The district board shall promptly notify the county board of elections or superintendent of elections, as appropriate, of the dispatch of any police officer or other law enforcement officer in response to a request for assistance in accordance with this subsection. The county board of elections or superintendent of elections, as appropriate, shall promptly notify the Secretary of State of the dispatch of that police officer or other law enforcement officer. The Secretary of State, county boards of elections, and superintendents of elections shall maintain a record of all dispatches issued and reported pursuant to this section, which shall include, but need not be limited to, the time of the dispatch, polling place location, reason for the dispatch, name of the police or law enforcement officer, the police or law enforcement officer's badge number, the duration of the police or law enforcement officer's presence, and the immediate outcome of the dispatch. Information obtained pursuant to this section is deemed to be a public or government record and shall be subject to disclosure as provided in the public records law, P.L.1963, c.73 (C.47:1A-1 et seq.) Amended 1953,c.19,s.10; 1967,c.126; 1991,c.306,s.1; 2021, c.459, s.3. NJSA 19:6-17 County board of elections, membership, appointments, compensation. a. The county board shall consist of four persons, who shall be legal voters of the counties for which they are respectively appointed. Two members of such county board shall be members of the political party which at the last preceding general election, held for the election of all of the members of the General Assembly, cast the largest number of votes in this State for members of the General Assembly, and the remaining two members of such board shall be members of the political party which at such election cast the next largest number of votes in the State for members of the General Assembly. By a majority vote of the full membership of the board of county commissioners, the board of county commissioners may opt to increase to six persons the membership of the county board of elections. The two new members shall be legal voters of the counties for which they are respectively appointed. If a board of county commissioners votes to increase the membership of a county board of elections to six persons, the board of elections shall consist of an equal representation between the political parties which at the last preceding general election, held for the election of all of the members of the General Assembly, cast the largest and next largest number of votes in this State for members of the General Assembly. No person who holds elective public office shall be eligible to serve as a member of the county board during the term of such elective office. The office of member of the county board shall be deemed vacant upon such member becoming a candidate for an office to be voted upon at any primary, general election or special election, except for nomination for or election to membership in any county committee or State committee or for nomination for or election as a delegate at large or alternate delegate at large, or district delegate or alternate district delegate to any national political convention, such candidacy to be determined by the filing of a petition of nomination duly accepted by such member in the manner provided by law. b. In all counties, the county board of elections may appoint some suitable person as clerk of the board, and may also appoint any additional office employees, including a director of such employees, it deems necessary, subject to approval by the board of county commissioners of the respective county and to the budgetary process required pursuant to section 11 of P.L.2015, c.249 (C.19:6-21.1). The compensation of the clerk, the director, and office employees of the county board of elections shall be in an amount recommended by the county board of elections and subject to the approval of the board of county commissioners. Amended mended 1948, c.438, s.5; 1957, c.83, s.1; 1960, c.43; 1960, c.164; 1961, c.59, s.1; 1965, c.166; 2019, c.191, s.1; 2021, c.205, s.1. NJSA 19:6-17.1 Nominations, appointments; timeframe. 3. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection a. of R.S.19:6-18 requiring appointments to be made on or before March 1, the initial nomination and appointment to increase the membership of the county boards of elections by two additional members, as provided by the action to increase membership under P.L.2019, c.191 (C.19:6-17.1 et al.) amending R.S.19-6-17, shall be made not less than 10 business days following the adoption of increase in membership of the county board of elections by the county board of chosen freeholders. Thereafter, all members shall be nominated and appointed in accordance with the timeframe specified under section a. of R.S.19:6-18. L.2019, c.191, s.3. NJSA 19:6-18 Nomination for member of county board; certification, appointment, term. During the 30-day period immediately preceding February 15 in each year, the chairman and vice-chairlady of each county committee and the State committeeman and State committeewoman of each of such two political parties, respectively shall meet and jointly, in writing, nominate an equal number of persons, as specified under R.S.19:6-17, residing in the county of such county committee chairman, duly qualified, for member of the county board in and for such county. If more than two members are elected to the State committee of any party from a county, the State committeeman and State committeewoman who shall participate in the process of nomination shall be those holding full votes who received the greatest number of votes in their respective elections for members of the State committee. If nomination be so made, the said county committee chairman shall certify the nomination so made to the State chairman and to the Governor, and the Governor shall commission such appointees, who shall be members of opposite parties, on or before March 1. If nomination be not so made on account of a tie vote in the said meeting of the county committee chairman, county committee vice-chairlady, State committeeman and State committeewoman, in respect to such nomination, the said county committee chairman shall certify the fact of such a tie vote to the State chairman, who shall have the deciding vote and who shall certify, in writing, to the Governor, the nomination made by his deciding vote. Appointees to county boards of election pursuant to this section shall continue in office for two years from March 1 next after their appointment. The first appointment having been made pursuant to law for terms of one and two years, respectively, the members subsequently appointed each year shall fill the offices of the appointees whose terms expire in that year. Amended 1955, c.243, s.1; 1968, c.84; 1978, c.15, s.2; 2005, c.136, s.8; 2007, c.61, s.4; 2011, c.134, s.8; 2019, c.191, s.2. NJSA 19:6-19 Filling vacancies If a vacancy arises in any county board from any cause other than expiration of the term, the secretary of the county board, within 5 days thereafter, shall in writing notify the Governor, the appropriate county committee chairman, county committee vice-chairlady, State chairman, State committeeman and State committeewoman of such vacancy, and within the same time notify the Governor in writing the date on which such notice was received by the county committee chairman. If the secretary fails to so notify, any member of the county board may make such notifications. Within 10 days after receipt of notice by such county committee chairman, the county committee chairman, county committee vice-chairlady, State chairman, State committeeman and State committeewoman shall jointly nominate a successor, and any such nomination shall be made and certified in the same manner as provided in section 19:6-18 of the Revised Statutes, and the person so nominated shall thereupon be commissioned by the Governor. All appointments to fill vacancies shall be for the unexpired term only. Amended by L.1955, c. 243, p. 920, s. 2; L.1956, c. 167, p. 660, s. 1. NJSA 19:6-20 Appointments by Governor in absence of nomination If any nomination is not made and certified in writing to the Governor within the time specified, the Governor shall make such appointments of his own selection from the citizens of the county in which such failure occurs. Amended by L.1955, c. 243, p. 920, s. 3. NJSA 19:6-21 Board office; equipment; supplies The county boards shall be provided by the board of chosen freeholders of the respective counties with a suitable office or offices, furniture and such other equipment as the county boards deem necessary. The county board in counties of the first class shall have power to purchase office equipment, furniture, furnishings, books, stationery, materials, supplies and other articles or equipment necessary in the judgment of the board, to carry out the provisions of this Title, and the board of chosen freeholders of the respective counties shall pay for the same, including the expenses of the board and the clerk thereof, upon certification of the county board. Nothing in subtitle two of the Title Municipalities and Counties (paras. 40:16-1 et seq.) shall in anywise be construed to affect, restrict or abridge the powers herein conferred on the county boards. Amended by L.1951, c. 10, p. 36, s. 1. NJSA 19:6-21.1 Preparation of annual budget request by county board of elections. 11. A county board of elections shall prepare the annual budget request for the office of county board of elections pursuant to the requirements of section 3 of P.L.2015, c.249 (C.40A:4-45.45b). L.2015, c.249, s.11. NJSA 19:6-22 Organization of county board of elections a. (1) The county boards shall, at 10 a.m., on the second Tuesday in March, or on such other day as they may agree on within the first 15 days in March in each year, meet at the courthouse, or other place as provided for, in their respective counties, and, subject to the provisions of paragraph (2) of this subsection, organize by electing one of their number to be chairman and one to be secretary; but the chairman and secretary shall not be members of the same political party. (2)In case of failure to elect a chairman after three ballots or viva voce votes, the member having the greatest seniority on the board shall be the chairman thereof, except that if the member having the greatest seniority on the board so chooses, that member shall instead be secretary of the board; in the event that that senior member so chooses to become secretary, no election shall be held to choose a secretary of the board, the board shall elect one of its members who is not of the same political party as the secretary to be the chairman of the board, and in the case of a failure again to elect a chairman after three ballots or viva voce votes, the person among those members having the greatest seniority on the board shall be the chairman thereof. In any case of failure to elect a chairman, if two or more members of the board who are eligible to become chairman have greatest and equal seniority on the board, then the board shall, not later than the fifth day following the organization meeting, notify the Governor of an inability to fill the position of chairman either by election or on the basis of seniority, including in that notice a certification of the names of those senior members of the board. In addition, if the position of secretary has not otherwise been filled under the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the board shall defer for the time being the election of a secretary. Not later than the fifth day following receipt of the notice, the Governor shall designate one of those senior members to be chairman of the board and certify that designation to the board. If the position of secretary was not filled at the initial meeting of the county board to organize, then not later than the fifth day following receipt of that certification, the board shall reconvene at the call of the chairman so designated and shall elect a secretary of the board. In case of failure to elect a secretary after three ballots or viva voce votes, the member of the board having the greatest seniority shall be secretary of the board, except that if that member has become chairman because of election to that position or because of designation as a result of the failure to elect a chairman, the member with the next greatest seniority shall be secretary. In no case, however, shall the chairman and secretary be members of the same political party. Seniority for the purposes of this section shall be determined by the total amount of time that a person has served as a member of the board, beginning from the date that that person took the oath of office as a member. b.The boards shall have power in their discretion to hold their meetings for any purpose, except organization, in any part of their respective counties. Meetings may be called by either the chairman or the secretary of the board, or at the request of any two members. amended 1948, c.2, s.8; 1973, c.179; 1996, c.90; 2005, c.136, s.9; 2007, c.61, s.5; 2011, c.134, s.9. NJSA 19:6-23 Oath of office of members; power to administer oaths Each member of the county board shall, before entering upon the performance of his duties, take and subscribe an oath or affirmation, in writing, before the clerk of the county for which he is appointed, faithfully and impartially to discharge all his duties as such officer, to the best of his skill and ability. Such oath or affirmation shall be forthwith recorded in the office of the county clerk, and after so qualifying any member of such board may at any meeting thereof administer any oath or affirmation required or permitted to be taken by this title. NJSA 19:6-24 Powers and duties of board delegated to clerk. Wherever under the provisions of this Title any powers or duties are given or conferred upon the county boards in any county, the county board having a clerk pursuant to subsection b. of R.S.19:6-17 may, if it so determines, authorize or direct the clerk thereof to perform such duties and exercise such powers under its supervision or in its absence. The clerk of the county board shall have full power and authority in the conduct of the business and clerical affairs of the office of the county board, shall conduct the same in an impartial manner, and shall exercise full authority and direction over the employees in the office. Amended 1961, c.59, s.2; 2021, c.205, s.2. NJSA 19:6-25 Sitting on general election days required The county boards in each of the counties shall sit on the day of the general election at the office of the county boards between the hours of 5:00 A.M. and midnight. Amended 2001, c.245, s.2. NJSA 19:6-26 County boards of elections as; clerk For the purposes of this title, the county board in each county shall be and act as a board of county canvassers for such county. The clerk of the county shall be the clerk of the board. NJSA 19:6-27 Board of State Canvassers The Board of State Canvassers shall consist of five persons, including the chairman, who shall be the Governor of this State. In the absence of the Governor, the Secretary of State shall serve as the chairman of the board and in the absence of the Secretary of State, the Assistant Secretary of State shall serve as the chairman of the board. The remaining members of the board shall consist of four members of the Legislature appointed by the Governor. No more than two of the legislators shall be from the same political party. When the Governor is serving as chairman of the board, the Secretary of State shall be the clerk of the board. When the Secretary of State is serving as chairman of the board, the Assistant Secretary of State shall be the clerk of the board. When the Assistant Secretary of State is serving as chairman of the board, that person shall designate another person to be clerk of the board and shall administer to that person the oath prescribed in R.S. 19:21-4. The board shall meet at such times and places as the chairman thereof shall determine pursuant to the provisions of R.S. 19:21-1. Amended by L. 1987, c.338,s.1. NJSA 19:6-28 Proceedings open and public All the proceedings of the district boards, county boards, boards of county canvassers and board of state canvassers shall be open and public. NJSA 19:6-29 Majority necessary for decisions; dissents A decision of the major part of the members thereof, who shall be present at a meeting, shall be deemed to be the decision of such board. If any member shall dissent from a decision of the board, and shall desire to protect himself against any consequences which may result from such decision, he shall state his dissent in writing, and deliver the same in the case of the state board of canvassers to the secretary of state and in all other cases to the clerk of the county, who shall file the same in his office. NJSA 19:6-30 Maintenance of order, powers The district board in each election district, the county board, and the clerk thereof, the board of county canvassers and the board of State canvassers and the Superior Court shall, respectively, possess full power and authority to direct the police on duty to maintain regularity and order, and to enforce obedience to their lawful commands during their sessions respectively. If a person shall refuse to obey the lawful command of any such board, or by disorderly conduct in its hearing or presence shall interrupt or disturb its proceedings, it may by an order in writing, signed by its chairman and attested by its clerk, commit the person so offending to the common jail of the county in which the board shall have met, for a period not exceeding three days. Such order shall be executed by any sheriff or constable to whom it shall be delivered; or if a sheriff or constable shall not be present or shall refuse to act, by any other person deputed by the board in writing, and the keeper of such jail shall receive the person so committed, and safely keep him for such time as shall be provided in the commitment. Amended 1953, c.19,s.11; 1991,c.91,s.241. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:7 NJSA 19:7-1 Appointment of challengers a. The chairman of the county committee of any political party that has duly nominated any candidate for public office to be voted for at an election by all the voters within the county or any political division thereof greater than a single municipality, or where the election is within and for a single municipality only, or any subdivision thereof, then the chairman of the municipal committee of the political party making such nomination within and for such single municipality, or subdivision thereof, may appoint two challengers for each election district in the chairman's county or municipality, as the case may be. b.The chairman of the county committee of each political party may also: (1) appoint two challengers to serve and exercise the powers of challengers, in each election district in the county at any primary election; and (2) appoint additional challengers for any election equal in number to the number of municipalities in the county and such challengers may exercise their powers, as provided for in R.S.19:7-5, at the polling place of any election district in the county during the time an election occurs therein. Amended 1999,c.232,s.27. NJSA 19:7-2 Appointment of challengers A candidate who has filed a petition for an office to be voted for at the primary election, and a candidate for an office whose name may appear upon the ballot to be used in any election, may also act as a challenger as herein provided and may likewise appoint 2 challengers for each district in which he is to be voted for; but only 2 challengers shall be allowed for each election district to represent all the candidates nominated in and by the same original petition. The appointment of the challengers shall be in writing under the hand of the person or persons making same and shall specify the names and residences of the challengers and the election districts for which they are severally appointed. Whenever a public question shall appear on the ballot to be voted upon by the voters of an election district and application has been made by the proponents or opponents of such public question for the appointment of challengers, the county board may in its discretion appoint 2 challengers each to represent such proponents or opponents. Such challengers shall be in addition to those provided for in section 19:7-1 of this Title. Amended 1956, c.66, s.1; 2005, c.136, s.10; 2011, c.134, s.10. NJSA 19:7-3 Filing of appointment, application for challengers The appointment of or application for challengers shall be filed with the county board not later than the second Tuesday preceding any election. No person shall be appointed a challenger under this Title who is not a registered voter in the county in which the district is located in which such person is appointed to serve, and no appointed challenger shall serve in any district other than that to which appointed except for challengers appointed by the chairman of a county committee, pursuant to paragraph 2 of subsection b. of R.S.19:7-1. Amended 1956, c.66, s.2; 1999, c.232, s.28. NJSA 19:7-4 Permits issued to challengers, revocation The county board shall thereupon issue, under the hands of its members, to the persons named in such appointment papers, or application, permits for them to act as challengers for their respective parties or candidates or for or against a public question at the election district or election districts specified, as the case may be. Such permits shall be filed by the persons named therein with the district board or district boards named therein, as evidence of their authority to be present in the polling place, and they may be issued and revoked and others issued in their stead at any time up to and including the day of election. When a permit shall be revoked, the permit in the place thereof shall be issued upon the nomination of the same person or officer upon whose nomination the original permit was issued. A challenger appointed pursuant to paragraph 2 of subsection b. of R.S.19:7-1 shall be issued a county-wide permit that is to be presented to any district board within the county as evidence of the challenger's authority to be present at the polling place during an election. Upon leaving the polling place, such a challenger must reclaim the permit from the district board to gain entry to any other polling place in the county during the election. Amended 1956, c.66, s.3; 1999, c.232, s.29. NJSA 19:7-5 Powers Such challengers shall be the authorized challengers for their respective political parties and candidates or for the proponents or opponents of a public question. They shall have the power to challenge the right to vote therein of any person claiming such right and shall have power to ask all necessary questions to determine this right. They may be present while the votes cast at any election are being counted, hear and see the ballots counted and shall have the right and power to challenge the counting or rejecting of any ballot or any part of a ballot. They shall be entitled to ask the members of the district boards of election at each polling place, no more than every two hours, for the official count of how many voters have voted at each precinct, and the district boards of election shall provide this information as the notice required pursuant to section 1 of P.L.2018, c.110 (C.19:52-3.1) Amended 1956, c.66, s.4; 2018, c.110, s.2. NJSA 19:7-6 Badge Every such challenger shall at any election wear a badge, to be furnished by the county board, which shall show to any person the political party or candidate or group of candidates or the side for whom or for which the challenger is acting. Amended by L.1956, c. 66, p. 153, s. 5. NJSA 19:7-6.1 Limitation on number of challengers present in polling place 1. Unless express permission be given by the district board, not more than one challenger appointed for a party, candidate, or on a public question, shall be present at any one time in any polling place while serving and exercising the powers of a challenger and during the hours when the polls are open for voting. If the district board shall in any case give permission for more than one challenger so appointed to be present at any one time in any polling place, it shall on the same grounds and on request permit a like number to be present on behalf of any opposing party, or on behalf of any other candidate for the same office, or on the other side of any public question. The provisions of this section shall not apply to any challengers appointed by the chairman of a county committee, pursuant to paragraph 2 of subsection b. of R.S.19:7-1, except that no more than one such challenger shall be present at any time in a polling place while serving and exercising his or her power as a challenger during the hours when the polling place is open for voting. L.1960,c.82,s.1; amended 1999, c.232, s.30. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:8 NJSA 19:8-1 Location For the purpose of this title a polling place or room shall be within a building wherein a district board is directed as hereinafter provided to meet for the purpose of registering voters or conducting elections. NJSA 19:8-2 Suggested list of available places, selection The clerk of every municipality, on or before April 1 shall certify to the county board of every county wherein such municipality is located a suggested list of places in the municipality suitable for polling places. The county board shall select the polling places for the election districts in the municipalities of the county for all elections in the municipalities thereof, including all commission government elections in the county. The county boards shall not be obliged to select the polling places so suggested by the municipal clerks, but may choose others where they may deem it expedient. Preference in locations shall be given to schools and public buildings where space shall be made available by the authorities in charge, upon request, if same can be done without detrimental interruption of school or the usual public services thereof, and for which the authority in charge shall be reimbursed, by agreement, for expenses of light, janitorial and other attending services arising from such use. Each polling place selected shall be accessible to individuals with disabilities and the elderly. A polling place shall be considered accessible if it is in compliance with the federal "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990" (42 U.S.C. s. 12101 et seq.). In no case shall the authorities in charge of a public school or other public building deny the request of the county board for the use, as a polling place, of any building they own or lease. Where the county board shall fail to agree as to the selection of the polling place or places for any election district, within five days of an election, the county clerk shall select and designate the polling place or places in any such election district. The county board may select a polling place other than a schoolhouse or public building outside of the district but such polling place shall not be located more than 1,000 feet distant from the boundary line of the district. The Secretary of State may, however, permit a polling place to be more than 1,000 feet distant from the boundary line of the district if there is no suitable polling place accessible to individuals with disabilities and the elderly within the district or 1,000 feet distant from the boundary line of the district. Whenever possible, the county board shall contact the managers or owners of commercial or private buildings that the board deems suitable to use as polling places, and are in or near an election district lacking an accessible polling place, to determine whether a portion of such a building may be used as a polling place on the day of an election. Reimbursement for the use of a portion of such a building shall be the same as provided by this section for schools and public buildings. Neither the owner nor operator of a facility designated as a polling place by the county board is permitted or authorized to relocate the polling place room in the building without the express prior approval of the board. Amended 1938, c.280; 1946, c.11, ss.5,17 (1946, c.11, ss.5,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.9; 1959, c.116; 1965, c.4, s.7; 1989, c.292; 2005, c.136, s.11; 2005, c.146, s.1; 2007, c.61, s.6; 2011, c.134, s.11. NJSA 19:8-3 Schoolhouses and public buildings; other locations; certification of expenses The county board may select the schoolhouse or schoolhouses, public building or public buildings as the polling places in any municipality in the county whether or not such schoolhouses or public buildings are located within the election district for which the polling place is established; and shall designate the rooms or places, entrances and exits to be used in the schoolhouses or public buildings. The county board may select a polling place other than a schoolhouse or public building for an election district, when the location of the election district and of the schoolhouses and public buildings in the municipality in which the election district is located is such that inconvenience would be caused the voters of such election district by locating the polling place thereof in a schoolhouse or public building. In the selection of a polling place other than a schoolhouse or public building for an election district, consideration shall be given to the use of buildings accessible to individuals with disabilities and the elderly. The county board shall determine and certify to the board of chosen freeholders the amount to be paid the several boards of education or municipalities, as the case may be, for expenses in connection with the use of schoolhouses or public buildings for election purposes; not to exceed in any case the amount paid for polling places in private premises. Amended 1977, c.326; 2005, c.146, s.2. NJSA 19:8-3.1 Accessibility of polling places 1.Each polling place selected by the county board of elections for use in any election shall be accessible to individuals with disabilities and the elderly unless: a.the Attorney General determines that a state of emergency exists that would otherwise interfere with the efficient administration of that election; or b.the Attorney General grants a temporary waiver based upon a determination that all potential polling places have been surveyed and no accessible polling place is available, nor is the municipality able to make one temporarily accessible in or near the election district involved. Temporary waivers shall be granted no more than twice for any polling place following the effective date of P.L.2005, c.146, and each waiver shall be granted for no more than one year. Before the expiration of the waiver, the board shall formulate a plan to establish an accessible location for the polling place in or near the election district. A copy of the waiver and the plan shall be filed with the Voting Accessibility Advisory Committee, established pursuant to section 11 of P.L.1991, c.429 (C.19:8-3.7). L.1991,c.429,s.1; amended 2005, c.146, s.3. NJSA 19:8-3.2 Inaccessible polling place; alternate place, mail-in ballot 2. The Secretary of State shall establish, in accordance with the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.), the rules and regulations necessary to ensure that in any election a voter who is elderly or has a disability and is assigned to an inaccessible polling place will, upon advance request of that voter, either be permitted to vote at the alternative, accessible polling place nearest to that voter's residence which has a common ballot or be provided with a mail-in ballot, pursuant to section 3 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-3), as an alternative means of casting a ballot on the day of the election. L.1991, c.429, s.2; amended 2005, c.146, s.4; 2009, c.79, s.29. NJSA 19:8-3.3 Polling places, compliance with federal ADA 3.The Attorney General shall be responsible for ensuring that each polling place is in compliance with the federal "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990" (42 U.S.C. s. 12101 et seq.) and shall exercise oversight authority over the county boards of elections to ensure that each polling place is in compliance with that federal act. L.1991,c.429,s.3; amended 2005, c.146, s.5. NJSA 19:8-3.4 Report of inaccessible polling places, ADA guidelines 4. No later than May 15 of every other year, beginning with May 15 next following the enactment of P.L.2005, c.146, each Voting Accessibility Advisory Committee, established pursuant to section 11 of P.L.1991, c.429 (C.19:8-3.7) shall report to the Secretary of State and the county board of elections, on the form provided by the Secretary of State, a list of all polling places in the county, specifying any found inaccessible. The committee shall indicate the reasons for inaccessibility, according to guidelines established in the federal "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990" (42 U.S.C. s. 12101 et seq.), and shall consult with the county board of elections to determine the efforts made pursuant to P.L.1991, c.429 (C.19:8-3.1 et al.) to locate alternative polling places or the actions needed to make the existing facilities accessible. Each county board of elections shall notify the Secretary of State and the committee of any changes in polling place locations before the next general election, including any changes required due to the alteration of district boundaries. L.1991, c.429, s.4; amended 2005, c.136, s.12; 2005, c.146, s.6; 2007, c.61, s.7; 2011, c.134, s.12. NJSA 19:8-3.5 Review and compliance 5. No later than July 1st of each year, beginning with July 1 next following the enactment of P.L.2005, c.146, the Attorney General shall review the reports of the Voting Accessibility Advisory Committee and shall ensure that every possible effort has been made to comply with the provisions of this act, as amended. L.1991,c.429,s.5; amended 2005, c.146, s.7. NJSA 19:8-3.6 Report to federal authorities 6. No later than December 31st of each even-numbered year, the Secretary of State shall report to the Federal Election Commission, in the manner required by the commission, the number of accessible and inaccessible polling places in the State on the date of the preceding general election, and the reasons for the inaccessibility. L.1991,c.429,s.6 ; per s.18, expired January 1, 1995. NJSA 19:8-3.7 Voting Accessibility Advisory Committee in each county 11. a. The county executive in each county in which that office is established, or the governing body of the county in any other county, shall establish a Voting Accessibility Advisory Committee, which shall consist of at least seven and not more than 11 members as follows: (1)The four members of the county board of elections; and (2)Three or more public members, to be appointed by the county executive or county governing body as follows: (a)A representative of the county executive or a member of the county governing body, as appropriate; (b)At least one individual with a disability; (c)At least one individual trained in the provisions of the federal "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990" (42 U.S.C. s. 12101 et seq.); and (d)If the county executive or governing body so elects, any other person deemed able by the executive or governing body to be of assistance. b.In order to accurately evaluate the accessibility of all polling locations, the Voting Accessibility Advisory Committee shall undertake a physical inspection of each polling place in the county. A committee member who has a disability should participate in any such inspection. The results shall be used in completing the list of any polling places found inaccessible, pursuant to section 4 of P.L.1991, c.429 (C.19:8-3.4). c.The committee shall receive notice of complaints filed from its county with the Division of Elections in the Department of Law and Public Safety pursuant to section 6 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-6) that concern the accessibility of polling places to individuals with disabilities and the elderly. L.1991,c.429,s.11; amended 2005, c.146, s.8. NJSA 19:8-3.8 "Polling Place Accessibility Fund"; use 10. a. There shall be established in the Department of Law and Public Safety a non-lapsing fund to be known as the "Polling Place Accessibility Fund," hereinafter referred to as the fund, to be held separate from all other funds of the State. The money in the fund shall be derived from funds provided by the federal government to improve accessibility to polling places pursuant to section 261 of the federal "Help America Vote Act of 2002," Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C. s. 15421 et seq.), appropriations by the Legislature, any funds donated to the State and designated for purposes prescribed by subsection b. of this section and such other sources as the Legislature shall designate. All earnings received from the investment or deposit of moneys in the fund shall be credited to the fund. b.The money in the fund shall be made available by the Attorney General as grants to the county boards of elections for the purpose of ensuring polling place compliance with the federal "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990" (42 U.S.C. s. 12101 et seq.), as provided for by P.L.1991, c.429 (C.19:8-3.1 et seq.), as amended and supplemented. c.All grants from the fund shall be awarded pursuant to rules and regulations promulgated by the Attorney General. All monetary awards shall be granted at the discretion of the Attorney General, subject to available moneys in the fund. L.2005,c.146,s.10. NJSA 19:8-4 Certification of list of polling places The county board before May 15 of each year shall certify a list of polling places so selected to the sheriff and to the clerk of the county and to the superintendent of elections of the county if any there be and to each municipal clerk in the county. Amended 1938, c.281; 1946, c.11, ss.6,17(1946, c.11, ss.6,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.10; 1965, c.4, s.8; 2005, c.136, s.13; 2007, c.61, s.8; 2011, c.134, s.13. NJSA 19:8-5 Display of American flag An American flag, approximately 3 feet by 5 feet in size, shall be displayed at the outside entrance of each polling place in this State by the district boards during the hours when the boards are in session; except that, when more than one polling place is located in the same building the prominent display of one such flag at the outside entrance used in common to reach more than one polling place shall constitute compliance with the provisions of this section. Such flag shall be furnished by the clerk of the county and delivered to the municipal clerks for distribution. Amended by L.1964, c. 46, s. 1. NJSA 19:8-5.1 Sign identifying polling place, hours 1. For seven days before the day of any election, each county board of elections may cause to be displayed a sign outside of each polling place identifying it as such, and identifying the date and hours of polling. L.2005,c.151,s.1. NJSA 19:8-6 Proper equipment and voter instructions at polling places The county boards in counties of the first class and the municipal clerks in counties other than counties of the first class shall purchase or lease and furnish the proper equipment of polling places, to enable the district boards to carry out the duties imposed upon them by this title. The equipment shall consist of tables, chairs, lights, booths and all other things necessary for the performance of such duties, and shall be ready for use by the district boards in ample time to enable them to perform their duties. Also to be included, for conspicuous display at each polling place on the days of any election during each year, shall be the voting and registration instructions provided by the county board of elections, the voting by mail information posters provided by the Secretary of State, and mail-in ballot application forms. The Secretary of State shall prepare a voting by mail informational poster for use at all polling places in the State that illustrates and promotes the use of voting by mail, including the description of the vote-by-mail process, and shall distribute the required number of copies, or replacement copies as needed, to the county boards. The clerks of the several municipalities shall keep in repair, store and deliver the polling booths, ballot boxes and other equipment in time for use by the district boards at the cost and expense of the municipality. In case of any election to be held in and for a municipality only, the duties imposed upon the county boards in counties of the first class regarding the equipment of polling places shall devolve upon the clerk of the municipality wherein the election is to be held. Any equipment in possession of the county board may be used in a municipal election upon requisition. Amended 1991, c.429, s.7; 2020, c.71, s.1. NJSA 19:8-7 Booths; size; doors or curtains; shelf; privacy sleeves, folders. 19:8-7. The booths shall be sufficiently large to enable the voter to conveniently prepare the voter's ballot as provided for and shall have swinging doors or privacy screens, shields, or curtains so that privacy is maintained as the voter prepares the voter's ballot in secret and screened from the observation of others. The swinging doors or privacy screens, shields, or curtains shall be so arranged that some part of the person of the voters present in the booths may be seen from the outside thereof when the door or curtains are closed or when the voter is present behind the screens or shields. Each booth shall contain a counter or shelf suitably placed to enable voters to place their ballots thereon while preparing the same for voting. Each booth shall also contain privacy sleeves or folders into which the voter may insert the voted ballot to fully shield it from view while walking the ballot outside the booth to be scanned or cast, as the case may be. amended 2022, c.67, s.2. NJSA 19:8-8 Number of booths In municipalities having permanent registration the number of booths in each election district shall not be less than one for every one hundred persons registered in such district at the last preceding general election and not less than three booths shall be provided in any polling place. In municipalities not having permanent registration the number of booths in each election district shall not be less than one for every one hundred and fifty persons registered in the district at the last preceding general election and not less than four booths shall be provided in any polling place. The booths shall be provided and delivered to each polling place by the municipal clerk in time to be used at any election. NJSA 19:8-9 Location of booths The booths shall be erected within the polling room or place and so arranged that all the officers conducting the election can see whether more than one person enters or is in any booth at the same time. NJSA 19:8-10 Location of ballot boxes in polling places The ballot boxes at every polling place shall be within the polling room or place, and so placed that the voter shall be able to deliver his ballot to the election officers after emerging from the booth before leaving the room or place within which the booths and ballot boxes are placed. NJSA 19:8-11 By whom provided and repaired The county board in counties of the first class and the board of chosen freeholders in counties other than counties of the first class shall provide sufficient ballot boxes for use in the polling places of each election district within the county; and the clerks of the several municipalities shall keep in repair and store the ballot boxes at the cost and expense of the municipality. NJSA 19:8-12 Size and construction of boxes The boxes shall be at least one foot in depth, width, and length, measuring the same on the exterior thereof, and shall be constructed with wooden or metal tops and bottoms and wooden or metal frames and glass or metal sides. Each box shall be provided with a door at least six inches square on the top of the box, which shall be secured by not less than three locks, no two keys of which shall be alike, and shall have an aperture measuring at least three inches by one-half inch and not more than six inches long by one inch wide for the reception of the ballots, and a device which will close said aperture when the election is over or when the box is not in use, which device shall be so constructed that it cannot be operated without first opening the door of the box. The box shall have no stamping or marking devices. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:9 NJSA 19:9-1 "Election supplies" defined As used in this title the term "election supplies" shall be deemed to mean such blank books, blank forms, pamphlets and things other than ballots and equipment as may be necessary to enable the provisions of this title to be carried out properly. NJSA 19:9-2 Preparation of information and election supplies The Director of the Division of Elections shall prepare and distribute on or before April 1 in each year prior to the primary election for the general election and the general election such information as may be needed relative to election procedures for the ensuing year. The county board of elections shall prepare and distribute on or before April 1 in each year, registration and voting instructions printed in at least 14-point type for conspicuous display at each polling place at any election. All other books, ballots, envelopes and other blank forms which the county clerk is required to furnish under any other section of this Title, stationery and supplies for the primary election for the general election, the primary election for delegates and alternates to national conventions and the general election, shall be furnished, prepared and distributed by the clerks of the various counties; except that all books, blank forms, stationery and supplies, articles and equipment which may be deemed necessary to be furnished, used or issued by the county board or superintendent shall be furnished, used or issued, prepared and distributed by such county board or superintendent, as the case may be. The county board shall furnish and deliver to the county clerk, the municipal clerks and the district boards in municipalities having more than one election district: a map or description of the district lines of their respective election districts, together with the street and house numbers where possible in such election districts and a list or map of all of the polling places within the county to assist any voter in identifying the correct location of the polling place at which the voter should vote if that voter erroneously reports to the municipal clerk or the wrong polling place. Nothing in subtitle 2 of the Title, Municipalities and Counties (R.S.40:16-1 et seq.), shall in any way be construed to affect, restrict, or abridge the powers conferred on the county clerks, county boards or superintendents by this Title. Amended 1946, c.11, ss.7,17 (1946, c.11, ss.7,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1947, c.168, s.2; 1948, c.2, s.11; 1953, c.19, s.12; 1965, c.4, s.9; 1966, c.19, s.4; 1967, c.7, s.3; 1967, c.26, s.3; 1968, c.292, s.3; 1991, c.429, s.8; 1999, c.232, s.1; 2005, c.136, s.14; 2007, c.61, s.9; 2011, c.134, s.14. NJSA 19:9-3 Distribution of supplies by secretary of state Where such supplies to be prepared and distributed by the secretary of state shall be required in any county or municipality thereof he shall deliver same to the county clerk on or before the time herein set forth and take a receipt for the same, which receipt shall indicate the time when the supplies were delivered by the secretary of state and the time when they were received by the clerk of the county. The secretary of state shall file such receipt in his office for at least a year. NJSA 19:9-4 Distribution of supplies by county clerks Where such supplies prepared either by the secretary of state or the county clerk shall be required in a municipality the county clerk shall deliver the same to a member of the district board at his office, or in any other way that he sees fit, on or before the time they are so required and take a receipt for the same, which receipt shall indicate the time when the supplies were delivered by the county clerk and the time when they were received by such member. The county clerk shall file such receipt in his office for at least one year. NJSA 19:9-5 Distribution of supplies by municipal clerks Where supplies are delivered by the county clerk or the county board to the municipal clerk for distribution, the municipal clerk shall deliver the same at his office, or in any other way that he sees fit, to a member of the district board and take a proper receipt therefor and file the same in his office. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate