Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-elections-19-40-49.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Division of Elections, 19-40-49 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Division of Elections In January 2014, the Governor signed into law P.L. 2013, c. 259 . Pursuant to that statute the Department of State provides the following Laws and Regulations as a service to our users. The Laws and Regulations displayed here have been copied from: NJ Statutes Annotated (NJSA) NJ Administrative Code (NJAC) Executive Orders Index Please refer to the above links for the most recent updates. Page Updated Statutes 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:1-1 - 19:9-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:10-1 - 19:19-17 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:20-1 - 19:29-14 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:31-1 - 19:37-5 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:44A-1 - 19:49-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:50-1 - 19:59-16 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:60-1 - 19:63-28 02/03/23 NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles and Traffic Regulation (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40 - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40A - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/24/23 NJAC Title 15: Subchapter 10 - Elections Electronic Poll Book Rules, Special Adopted New Rules: N.J.A.C. 15:10-7 02/03/23 NJSA Title 52 - State Government, Departments and Officers (Pertaining to Elections) Last updated: 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:44 NJSA 19:44A-1 Short title This act shall be known and may be cited as "The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act." L.1973, c. 83, s. 1, eff. April 24, 1973. NJSA 19:44A-2 Policy declaration; political contributions, limited; reporting contributions received, expenditures made 2. It is hereby declared to be in the public interest and to be the policy of the State to limit political contributions and to require the reporting of contributions received and expenditures made to aid or promote the nomination, election or defeat of any candidate for public office or to aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election and to require the reporting of contributions received and expenditures made to provide political information on any candidate for public office, or on any public question. L.1973,c.83,s.2; amended 1981,c.151,s.1; 1993,c.65,s.1; 2023, c.30, s.27. NJSA 19:44A-2.1 Findings, declarations relative to individuals considering candidacy for public office 1. The Legislature finds and declares that: a. Accessible public disclosure of money and other things of value given to a candidate for public office by an individual, another candidate or a political committee has proven to be the most effective means of fostering public awareness of and reducing public skepticism about the current system of financing elections for public office; b. However, under the current disclosure system, certain individuals who collect and spend money while considering whether to become a candidate for public office at a future election do not have to disclose anything about the money they raise or expend until they become a candidate; c. The continuation of this practice undermines public confidence in the current system of financing elections for public office; d. The State has a compelling interest in preventing the actuality or appearance of corruption and in protecting public confidence in democratic institutions by requiring an individual who is considering whether to be a candidate for office to comply with the same laws that apply to any candidate for public office; and e. It is, therefore, reasonable for the State to promote these compelling interests by requiring an individual who acts like a candidate to comply with the current limitations, prohibitions and requirements on campaign contributions and the disclosure of the sources and amounts of contributions and expenditures. L.1999,c.57,s.1. NJSA 19:44A-3 Definitions 3. As used in this act, unless a different meaning clearly appears from the context: a. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1993, c.65.) b. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1993, c.65.) c. The term "candidate" means: (1) an individual seeking election to a public office of the State or of a county, municipality or school district at an election; except that the term shall not include an individual seeking party office; (2) an individual who shall have been elected or failed of election to an office, other than a party office, for which he sought election and who receives contributions and makes expenditures for any of the purposes authorized by section 17 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.2) during the period of his service in that office; and (3) an individual who has received funds or other benefits or has made payments solely for the purpose of determining whether the individual should become a candidate as defined in paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection. d. The terms "contributions" and "expenditures" include all loans and transfers of money or other thing of value to or by any candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee, and all pledges or other commitments or assumptions of liability to make any such transfer; and for purposes of reports required under the provisions of this act shall be deemed to have been made upon the date when such commitment is made or liability assumed. e. The term "election" means any election described in section 4 of this act. f. The term "paid personal services" means personal, clerical, administrative or professional services of every kind and nature including, without limitation, public relations, research, legal, canvassing, telephone, speech writing or other such services, performed other than on a voluntary basis, the salary, cost or consideration for which is paid, borne or provided by someone other than the committee, candidate or organization for whom such services are rendered. In determining the value, for the purpose of reports required under this act, of contributions made in the form of paid personal services, the person contributing such services shall furnish to the treasurer through whom such contribution is made a statement setting forth the actual amount of compensation paid by said contributor to the individuals actually performing said services for the performance thereof. But if any individual or individuals actually performing such services also performed for the contributor other services during the same period, and the manner of payment was such that payment for the services contributed cannot readily be segregated from contemporary payment for the other services, the contributor shall in his statement to the treasurer so state and shall either (1) set forth his best estimate of the dollar amount of payment to each such individual which is attributable to the contribution of his paid personal services, and shall certify the substantial accuracy of the same, or (2) if unable to determine such amount with sufficient accuracy, set forth the total compensation paid by him to each such individual for the period of time during which the services contributed by him were performed. If any candidate is a holder of public office to whom there is attached or assigned, by virtue of said office, any aide or aides whose services are of a personal or confidential nature in assisting him to carry out the duties of said office, and whose salary or other compensation is paid in whole or part out of public funds, the services of such aide or aides which are paid for out of public funds shall be for public purposes only; but they may contribute their personal services, on a voluntary basis, to such candidate for election campaign purposes. g. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1983, c.579.) h. The term "political information" means any statement including, but not limited to, press releases, pamphlets, newsletters, advertisements, flyers, form letters, Internet or digital advertisements, or radio or television programs or advertisements which reflects the opinion of the members of the organization on any candidate or candidates for public office, on any public question, or which contains facts on any such candidate, or public question whether or not such facts are within the personal knowledge of members of the organization. i. The term "political committee" means any two or more persons acting jointly, or any corporation, partnership, or any other incorporated or unincorporated association which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the nomination, election or defeat of any candidate or candidates for public office, or which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, if the persons, corporation, partnership or incorporated or unincorporated association raises or expends $2,400 or more to so aid or promote the nomination, election or defeat of a candidate or candidates or the passage or defeat of a public question; provided that for the purposes of this act, the term "political committee" shall not include a "continuing political committee," as defined by subsection n. of this section, a "political party committee," as defined by subsection p. of this section, a "candidate committee," as defined by subsection q. of this section, a "joint candidates committee," as defined by subsection r. of this section, a "legislative leadership committee," as defined by subsection s. of this section, or an "independent expenditure committee," as defined by subsection t. of this section. j. The term "public solicitation" means any activity by or on behalf of any candidate, political committee, continuing political committee, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, legislative leadership committee, independent expenditure committee, or political party committee whereby either (1) members of the general public are personally solicited for cash contributions not exceeding $20.00 from each person so solicited and contributed on the spot by the person so solicited to a person soliciting or through a receptacle provided for the purpose of depositing contributions, or (2) members of the general public are personally solicited for the purchase of items having some tangible value as merchandise, at a price not exceeding $20.00 per item, which price is paid on the spot in cash by the person so solicited to the person so soliciting, when the net proceeds of such solicitation are to be used by or on behalf of such candidate, political committee, continuing political committee, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, legislative leadership committee, independent expenditure committee, or political party committee. k. The term "testimonial affair" means an affair of any kind or nature including, without limitation, cocktail parties, breakfasts, luncheons, dinners, dances, picnics or similar affairs directly or indirectly intended to raise campaign funds in behalf of a person who holds, or who is or was a candidate for nomination or election to a public office in this State, or directly or indirectly intended to raise funds in behalf of any political party committee or in behalf of a political committee, continuing political committee, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, independent expenditure committee, or legislative leadership committee. l. The term "other thing of value" means any item of real or personal property, tangible or intangible, but shall not be deemed to include personal services other than paid personal services. m. The term "qualified candidate" means: (1) Joint candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor whose names appear on the general election ballot; who have deposited and expended $490,000 pursuant to section 7 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-32); and who, not later than September 1 preceding a general election in which the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor are to be filled, (a) notify the Election Law Enforcement Commission in writing that the candidates intend that application will be made on the candidates' behalf for monies for general election campaign expenses under subsection b. of section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33), and (b) sign a statement of agreement, in a form to be prescribed by the commission, to participate in interactive gubernatorial election debates under the provisions of sections 9 through 11 of P.L.1989, c.4 (C.19:44A-45 through C.19:44A-47); or (2) Joint candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor whose names do not appear on the general election ballot; who have deposited and expended $490,000 pursuant to section 7 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-32); and who, not later than September 1 preceding a general election in which the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor are to be filled, (a) notify the Election Law Enforcement Commission in writing that the candidates intend that application will be made on the candidates' behalf for monies for general election campaign expenses under subsection b. of section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33), and (b) sign a statement of agreement, in a form to be prescribed by the commission, to participate in interactive gubernatorial election debates under the provisions of sections 9 through 11 of P.L.1989, c.4 (C.19:44A-45 through C.19:44A-47); or (3) Any candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor whose name appears on the primary election ballot; who has deposited and expended $490,000 pursuant to section 7 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-32); and who, not later than the last day for filing petitions to nominate candidates to be voted upon in a primary election for a general election in which the office of Governor is to be filled, (a) notifies the Election Law Enforcement Commission in writing that the candidate intends that application will be made on the candidate's behalf for monies for primary election campaign expenses under subsection a. of section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33), and (b) signs a statement of agreement, in a form to be prescribed by the commission, to participate in two interactive gubernatorial primary debates under the provisions of sections 9 through 11 of P.L.1989, c.4 (C.19:44A-45 through C.19:44A-47); or (4) Any candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor whose name does not appear on the primary election ballot; who has deposited and expended $490,000 pursuant to section 7 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-32); and who, not later than the last day for filing petitions to nominate candidates to be voted upon in a primary election for a general election in which the office of Governor is to be filled, (a) notifies the Election Law Enforcement Commission in writing that the candidate intends that application will be made on the candidate's behalf for monies for primary election campaign expenses under subsection a. of section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33), and (b) signs a statement of agreement, in a form to be prescribed by the commission, to participate in two interactive gubernatorial primary debates under the provisions of sections 9 through 11 of P.L.1989, c.4 (C.19:44A-45 through C.19:44A-47). n. The term "continuing political committee" means any group of two or more persons acting jointly, or any corporation, partnership, or any other incorporated or unincorporated association, including a political club, political action committee, civic association or other organization, which in any calendar year contributes or expects to contribute at least $5,500 to the aid or promotion of the candidacy of an individual, or of the candidacies of individuals, for elective public office, or the passage or defeat of a public question or public questions, and which may be expected to make contributions toward such aid or promotion or passage or defeat during a subsequent election, provided that the group, corporation, partnership, association or other organization has been determined to be a continuing political committee under subsection b. of section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8); provided that for the purposes of this act, the term "continuing political committee" shall not include a "political party committee," as defined by subsection p. of this section, a "legislative leadership committee," as defined by subsection s. of this section, or an "independent expenditure committee," as defined by subsection t. of this section. o. The term "statement of agreement" means a written declaration, by a candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor, or by joint candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor who intend that application will be made on behalf of the candidate for the office of Governor to receive monies for the primary election or on behalf of the candidates for the office of Governor and the office of Lieutenant Governor for general election campaign expenses under subsection a. or subsection b., respectively, of section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33), that the candidates undertake to abide by the terms of any rules established by any private organization sponsoring a gubernatorial primary or general election debate, as appropriate, to be held under the provisions of sections 9 through 11 of P.L.1989, c.4 (C.19:44A-45 through C.19:44A-47) and in which the candidates are to participate. The statement of agreement shall include an acknowledgment of notice to the candidates who sign it that failure on the candidates' part to participate in any of the gubernatorial debates may be cause for the termination of the payment of such monies on the candidates' behalf and for the imposition of liability for the return to the commission of such monies as may previously have been so paid. p. The term "political party committee" means the State committee of a political party, as organized pursuant to R.S.19:5-4, any county committee of a political party, as organized pursuant to R.S.19:5-3, or any municipal committee of a political party, as organized pursuant to R.S.19:5-2. q. The term "candidate committee" means a committee established pursuant to subsection a. of section 9 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-9) for the purpose of receiving contributions and making expenditures. r. The term "joint candidates committee" means a committee established pursuant to subsection a. of section 9 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-9) by at least two candidates for the same elective public offices in the same election in a legislative district, county, municipality or school district, but not more candidates than the total number of the same elective public offices to be filled in that election, for the purpose of receiving contributions and making expenditures. For the purpose of this subsection: the offices of member of the Senate and members of the General Assembly shall be deemed to be the same elective public offices in a legislative district; the offices of member of the board of chosen freeholders and county executive shall be deemed to be the same elective public offices in a county; and the offices of mayor and member of the municipal governing body shall be deemed to be the same elective public offices in a municipality. s. The term "legislative leadership committee" means a committee established, authorized to be established, or designated by the President of the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the General Assembly or the Minority Leader of the General Assembly pursuant to section 16 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-10.1) for the purpose of receiving contributions and making expenditures. t. The term "independent expenditure committee" means a person organized under section 527 of the federal Internal Revenue Code (26 U.S.C. s.527) or under paragraph (4) or paragraph (6) of subsection (c) of section 501 of the federal Internal Revenue Code (26 U.S.C. s.501) that does not fall within the definition of any other organization subject to the provisions of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), that makes independent expenditures in excess of $7,500, in the aggregate per election. u. The term "electioneering communication" means any communication made within 30 days of a primary election and made within 60 days of a municipal, runoff, school board, special or general election, that mentions a clearly identified candidate and expressly supports or opposes that candidate or, by virtue of the communication, is the functional equivalent of express advocacy, meaning the communication is unable to be interpreted by a reasonable person in any other way than the communication is supporting or opposing the candidate. An electioneering communication includes any communication that clearly identifies a public question or referendum, or is the functional equivalent of express advocacy, meaning the communication is unable to be interpreted by a reasonable person in any other way than the communication is supporting or opposing the public question or referendum. v. The term "independent expenditure" means an expenditure, which is not coordinated with a candidate or political party, and is made for the purpose of expressly advocating the election or defeat of a clearly identified candidate, or that amounts to the functional equivalent of express advocacy. The term "independent expenditure" also includes an expenditure made for the purpose of expressly advocating the passage or defeat of a public question or referendum, or that amounts to the functional equivalent of express advocacy. An independent expenditure qualifies as the functional equivalent of express advocacy if it can only be interpreted by a reasonable person as advocating the election or defeat of a candidate or the passage or defeat of a public question or referendum, taking into consideration whether the communication mentions a candidate, public question, or referendum and discusses a candidate's character, qualifications, fitness for office, position on an issue, or in the case of a public question or referendum, its merits or lack thereof. L.1973, c.83, s.3; amended 1974, c.26, s.1; 1980, c.74, s.1; 1981, c.151, s.2; 1981, c.511, s.12; 1983, c.579, s.7; 1989, c.4, s.1; 1993, c.65, s.2; 1995, c.194, s.1; 1999, c.57, s.2; 2009, c.66, s.5; 2019, c.124, s.1; 2023, c.30, s.28. NJSA 19:44A-3.1 Determination as to coordinated communication expenditure; criteria. 11. To determine whether a person, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, continuing political committee, or independent expenditure committee has made a coordinated expenditure with any candidate or political party, the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall consider whether the candidate or political party, the candidate committee, or any staff member or agent thereof: a. cooperated with, consented to, authorized, or exercised control over the production or circulation of the communication expenditure; b. requested or suggested that the communication expenditure be made; c. provided information to the person or entity making the communication expenditure with regard to the content, timing, location, mode, intended audience, distribution, or placement of the television, radio, direct mail, or other form of communication; d. discussed or negotiated with the purchaser, creator, producer, or distributor of the communication concerning the content, timing, location, mode, intended audience, distribution, or placement of the communication; e. shared information or held discussions on campaign or media strategy with the person or entity making the communication expenditure or with the purchaser, creator, producer, or distributor of the communication; f. shared its polling or other research with the person or entity making the communication expenditure or whether or not the person or entity making the communication expenditure shared its polling or other research with the candidate, candidate committee, or with any agent of the candidate or candidate committee; or g. engaged in any other activity the Election Law Enforcement Commission determines, by regulation, constitutes a coordinated expenditure. L.2019, c.124, s.11. NJSA 19:44A-4 Application of act The provisions of this act shall apply: a. (Deleted by amendment; P.L.1981, c. 151.) b. (Deleted by amendment; P.L. [1983], c. [579].) c. In any election at which a public question is to be voted upon by the voters of the State or any political subdivision thereof; d. In any election for any public office of the State or any political subdivision thereof; provided, however, that this act shall not, except for paragraph (2) of subsection a. of section 8 of the act (C. 19:44A-8), apply to elections for party office. L.1973, c. 83, s. 4, eff. April 24, 1973. Amended by L.1981, c. 151, s. 3, eff. May 22, 1981; L.1983, c. 579, s. 8, eff. Jan. 17, 1984. NJSA 19:44A-5 "Election Law Enforcement Commission" established; membership details; allocation to Department of Law and Public Safety; independence 5. a. There is hereby created a commission consisting of four members which shall be designated as the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission. The members shall be appointed by the Governor by and with the advice and consent of the Senate for a term of three years, beginning on July 1 and ending June 30, except as hereinafter provided. The Governor shall designate one of the commission members to serve as chairman of the commission. No more than two members shall belong to the same political party, and no person holding a public office or an office in any political party shall be eligible for appointment to the commission. Each member shall serve until his successor has been appointed and qualified. In case of a vacancy, however, the successor shall be appointed in like manner for the unexpired term only. The members shall receive a salary of $30,000 annually. For the purpose of complying with the provisions of Article V, Section IV, paragraph 1 of the New Jersey Constitution, the Election Law Enforcement Commission is hereby allocated within the Department of Law and Public Safety; but, notwithstanding said allocation, the commission shall be independent of any supervision or control by the department or by any board or officer thereof, it being the intention of this act that the assignment, direction, discipline and supervision of all the employees of the commission shall be so far as possible, and except as otherwise provided in this act, fully determined by the commission or by such officers and employees thereof to whom the commission may delegate the powers of such assignment, direction, discipline and supervision. b. Notwithstanding any provision of subsection a. of this section, or any other law, rule, or regulation to the contrary, within 90 days following the enactment date of this act, P.L.2023, c.30 (C.19:44A-20.10a et al.), the Governor shall directly appoint four members to the commission, not more than two of whom shall be of the same political party, and the terms of office of the members of the commission currently serving shall expire upon the Governor's appointment of the new members. No person holding a public office or an office in any political party shall be eligible for appointment to the commission. Of the four new members directly appointed by the Governor pursuant to this subsection, two members who shall not be of the same political party shall be appointed for a term of three years, and two members who shall not be of the same political party shall be appointed for a term of two years. Upon the expiration of the initial term of each member appointed pursuant to this subsection, members of the commission shall be appointed pursuant to subsection a. of this section. L.1973, c. 83, s. 5, eff. April 24, 1973. Amended by L.1983, c. 579, s. 9, eff. Jan. 17, 1984; 2023, c.30, s.36. NJSA 19:44A-6 Appointment of officers, other employees; duties of ELEC 6. a. The commission shall appoint a full-time executive director, legal counsel and hearing officers, all of whom shall serve at the pleasure of the commission and shall not have tenure by reason of the provisions of chapter 16 of Title 38 of the Revised Statutes. The commission shall also appoint such other employees as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this act, which employees shall be in the classified service of the civil service and shall be appointed in accordance with and shall be subject to the provisions of Title 11, Civil Service. b.It shall be the duty of the commission to enforce the provisions of this act, to conduct hearings with regard to possible violations and to impose penalties; and for the effectual carrying out of its enforcement responsibilities the commission shall have the authority to initiate a civil action in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of enforcing compliance with the provisions of this act or enjoining violations thereof or recovering any penalty prescribed by this act. The commission shall promulgate such regulations and official forms and perform such duties as are necessary to implement the provisions of this act. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the commission is authorized and empowered to: (1)Develop forms for the making of the required reports; (2)Prepare and publish a manual for all candidates, political committees and continuing political committees, prescribing the requirements of the law, including uniform methods of bookkeeping and reporting and requirements as to the length of time that any person required to keep any records pursuant to the provisions of this act shall retain such records, or any class or category thereof, or any other documents, including canceled checks, deposit slips, invoices and other similar documents, necessary for the compilation of such records; (3)Develop a filing, coding and cross-indexing system; (4)Permit copying or photo-copying of any report required to be submitted pursuant to this act as requested by any person; (5)Prepare and make available for public inspection summaries of all said reports grouped according to candidates, parties and issues, containing the total receipts and expenditures, and the date, name, address and amount contributed by each contributor; (6)Prepare and publish, prior to May 1 of each year, an annual report to the Legislature; (7)Ascertain whether candidates, committees, organizations or others have failed to file reports or have filed defective reports; extend, for good cause shown, the dates upon which reports are required to be filed; give notice to delinquents to correct or explain defects; and make available for public inspection a list of such delinquents; (8)Ascertain the total expenditures for candidates and determine whether they have exceeded the limits set forth in this act; notify candidates, committees or others if they have exceeded or are about to exceed the limits imposed; (9)Hold public hearings, investigate allegations of any violations of this act, and issue subpenas for the production of documents and the attendance of witnesses; (10) Forward to the Attorney General or to the appropriate county prosecutor information concerning any violations of this act which may become the subject of criminal prosecution or which may warrant the institution of other legal proceedings by the Attorney General. c.The commission shall take such steps as may be necessary or appropriate to furnish timely and adequate information, in appropriate printed summaries and in such other form as it may see fit, to every candidate or prospective candidate for public office who becomes or is likely to become subject to the provisions of this act, and to every treasurer and depository duly designated under the provisions of this act, informing them of their actual or prospective obligations and responsibilities under this act. Such steps shall include, but not be limited to, furnishing to every person on whose behalf petitions of nomination are filed for any public office a copy of such printed summary as aforesaid, which shall be furnished to such person by the commission through the public official charged with the responsibility of receiving and accepting such petitions of nomination, at the time when such petitions are filed. The commission shall also make available copies of such printed summary to any other person requesting the same. The commission shall also take such steps as it may deem necessary or effectual to disseminate among the general public such information as may serve to guide all persons who may become subject to the provisions of this act by reason of their participation in election campaigns or in the dissemination of political information, for the purpose of facilitating voluntary compliance with the provisions and purposes of this act. In the dissemination of such information, the commission shall to the greatest extent practicable enlist the cooperation of commercial purveyors, within and without the State, of materials and services commonly used for political campaign purposes. d.If the nomination for or election to any public office or party position becomes void under the terms of subsection c. of section 21 of this act, the withholding or revocation of his certificate of election, the omission of his name from the ballot or the vacation of the office into which he has been inducted as a result of such void election, as the case may be, shall be subject to the provisions of chapter 3, articles 2 and 3, of this Title (R.S.19:3-7 et seq.). e.The commission shall be assigned suitable quarters for the performance of its duties hereunder. f.The commission through its legal counsel is authorized to render advisory opinions as to whether a given set of facts and circumstances would constitute a violation of any of the provisions of this act, or whether a given set of facts and circumstances would render any person subject to any of the reporting requirements of this act. Unless an extension of time is consented to by any person requesting an advisory opinion, the commission shall render its advisory opinion within 10 days of receipt of the request therefor. Failure of the commission to reply to a request for an advisory opinion within the time so fixed or agreed to shall preclude it from instituting proceedings for imposition of a penalty upon any person for a violation of this act arising out of the particular facts and circumstances set forth in such request, except as such facts and circumstances may give rise to a violation when taken in conjunction with other facts and circumstances not set forth in such request. g.The commission shall establish a training program for campaign treasurers and organizational treasurers and shall make the training program available through its Internet site within one year of the effective date of this act, P.L.2004, c.22. L.1973,c.83,s.6; amended 1983, c.579, s.10; 2004, c.22, s.1. NJSA 19:44A-6a Enforcement action, statute of limitations 35. Any enforcement action brought by the Election Law Enforcement Commission for any violations of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) shall be subject to a statute of limitations of two years following the occurrence of the alleged violation. The statute of limitations provided in this section shall apply retroactively to any alleged violations occurring prior to the effective date of this act, P.L.2023, c.30 (C.19:44A-20.10a et al.). L.2023, c.30, s.35. NJSA 19:44A-6.1 ELEC, authority to issue certain advisory opinions 32. The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall have the authority to issue such advisory opinions that relate to candidates for the office of Lieutenant Governor and regulations, including temporary regulations that may be adopted on an emergency basis, as the commission deems necessary to effectuate the provisions of P.L.2009, c.66 (C.19:3-2.1 et al.) that apply to the commission or are within the purview of the commission. L.2009, c.66, s.32. NJSA 19:44A-6.2 Election Law Enforcement Commission, technical updates, database usability 34. Within one year following the effective date of this act, P.L.2023, c.30 (C.19:44A-20.10a et al.), the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall make technical updates to its campaign contributions and expenditures reporting database to improve the performance and usability of the database. The Legislature shall appropriate to the Election Law Enforcement Commission any funds necessary for the implementation of this section. L.2023, c.30, s.34. NJSA 19:44A-7 Spending limits 7. The amount which may be spent in aid of the candidacy of any qualified candidate for Governor in a primary election shall not exceed $7,300,000. The amount which may be spent in aid of the candidacy of any qualified joint candidates for Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election shall not exceed $15,600,000; but such sums shall not include the traveling expenses of the candidate or candidates or of any person other than the candidate or candidates if such traveling expenses are voluntarily paid by such person without any understanding or agreement with the candidate or candidates that they shall be, directly or indirectly, repaid to him by the candidate or candidates. L.1973, c.83, s.7; amended 1980, c.74, s.2; 1989, c.4, s.2; 2009, c.66, s.7; 2023, c.30, s.1. NJSA 19:44A-7.1 Adjustment of limits 19. a. For the purpose of ensuring the continuing adequacy of the limits set by law upon contributions, expenditures and certain other amounts relating to campaigns for nomination to the office of Governor and election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, the Election Law Enforcement Commission is authorized and directed to adjust the limits on those amounts as provided herein. The limitation amounts thus adjusted shall apply to the primary election for the office of Governor and the general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor to be held in the year following the year in which that adjustment is required hereunder to be made. b.The commission shall establish an index reflecting the changes occurring in the general level of prices of particular goods and services, including but not limited to goods and services within such categories of expenditure as mass media and other forms of public communication, personnel, rent, office supplies and equipment, data processing, utilities, travel and entertainment, and legal and accounting services, directly affecting the overall costs of election campaigning in this State. The index shall be weighted in accordance with the impact in the preceding general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor of the respective prices of each of those several goods and services upon those overall costs. Not later than December 1 of each year preceding any year in which a general election is to be held to fill the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor for a four-year term, the commission shall determine the percentage of change in this index which shall have occurred during the four-year period ending with the year of the gubernatorial election, and shall adjust the amounts, as set forth in subsection c. of this section, which shall be applicable under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) to the primary election for the office of Governor and the general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor to be held in the following year by multiplying that percentage of change, plus 100%, times the amounts applicable thereunder to the primary and general elections for that office held in the third year preceding the year in which that December 1 occurs; provided that any amount so adjusted shall be rounded as follows: if the adjusted amount is less than $20,000 and is not an exact multiple of $100, to the next higher exact multiple of $100; if the adjusted amount is more than $20,000 but less than $200,000 and is not an exact multiple of $1,000, to the next higher exact multiple of $1,000; if the adjusted amount is more than $200,000 but less than $2,000,000 and is not an exact multiple of $10,000, to the next higher exact multiple of $10,000; and if the adjusted amount is more than $2,000,000 but less than $20,000,000 and is not an exact multiple of $100,000, to the next higher exact multiple of $100,000. c.The amounts subject to adjustment as provided under this section shall be: (1)The maximum amount of contributions permitted to be made to any candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor or for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor pursuant to section 4 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-29) and the amount of contributions with respect to which a qualified candidate for nomination for election or for election to those offices shall be eligible to receive moneys from the fund for election campaign expenses pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33); (2)The amount of deposits or expenditures required to have been made by a candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor or for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in order for those candidates to be qualified candidates under subsection m. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3) and the amount of such deposits into such candidates' bank account for which no payment of public funds is to be made pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33); (3)The maximum amount which may be spent in aid of the candidacy of a qualified candidate for the office of Governor in a primary election or the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election pursuant to section 7 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-7); and (4)The maximum amount which any qualified candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor in a primary election or for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election may receive from the fund for election campaign expenses pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33). d.Not later than December 15 of each year preceding any year in which a general election is to be held to fill the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor for a four-year term, the commission shall report to the Legislature its adjustment of limits in accordance with the provisions of this section. Whenever, following the transmittal of that report, the commission shall have had notice that a person has declared as a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in the forthcoming primary or general election, it shall promptly notify those candidates of the amounts of those adjusted limits. L.1980, c.74, s.19; amended 1989, c.4, s.3; 2009, c.66, s.8. NJSA 19:44A-7.2 Adjustment, amounts, offices other than Governor, Lieutenant Governor 22. a. Not later than December 1, 2023 and every two years thereafter, the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall adjust the amounts, set forth in subsection b. of this section, which shall be applicable under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et al.) to primary and general elections for any public office other than the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor at a percentage which shall be calculated in the same manner as the percentage of change that the commission applies to the amounts used for the primary election for the office of Governor and the general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, pursuant to section 19 of P.L.1980, c.74 (C.19:44A-7.1), and any amount so adjusted shall be rounded in the same manner as provided in that section. b. The amounts subject to adjustment as provided under this section shall be: (1) the minimum amount raised or expended by any two or more persons acting jointly who qualify as a political committee and the minimum amount contributed or expected to be contributed in any calendar year by any group of two or more persons acting jointly who qualify as a continuing political committee as defined in section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3); (2) (Deleted by amendment, P.L.2004, c.28); (3) the minimum amount of a contribution to a political committee, continuing political committee, legislative leadership committee or a political party committee received during the period between the 13th day prior to the election and the date of the election, the minimum amount of an expenditure by a political committee during that period, and the minimum amount of an expenditure by a continuing political committee during the period beginning after March 31 and ending on the date of the primary election and the period beginning after September 30 and ending on the date of the general election which triggers an obligation to report that contribution to the commission pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8), and the minimum amount of a contribution to a candidate, candidate committee or joint candidates committee received during the period between the 13th day prior to the election and the date of the election which triggers an obligation to report that contribution to the commission pursuant to section 16 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-16); (4) the maximum amount which may be expended by the campaign organizations of two or more candidates forming a joint candidates committee without being required to file contribution reports, pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8); (5) the maximum amount that a person, not acting in concert with any other person or group, may spend to support or defeat a candidate or to aid the passage or defeat of a public question without being required to report all such expenditures and expenses to the commission pursuant to section 11 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-11) and the maximum amount that a person, not acting in concert with any other person or group, may raise through a public solicitation and expend to finance any lawful activity in support of or in opposition to any candidate or public question or to seek to influence the content, introduction, passage or defeat of legislation pursuant to section 19 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-19); (6) the maximum amount that may be expended, in the aggregate, on behalf of a candidate without requiring that candidate to file contribution reports with the commission and the maximum amount that may be expended, in the aggregate, on behalf of a candidate seeking election to a public office of a school district, without requiring that candidate to file contribution reports with the commission pursuant to section 16 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-16); (7) the maximum amount of penalty which may be imposed by the commission on any person who fails to comply with the regulatory provisions of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et al.) for a first offense or a second and subsequent offenses, pursuant to section 22 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-22); (8) the maximum amount of penalty which may be imposed by the commission on any corporation or labor organization which provides any of its employees any additional increment of salary for the express purpose of making a contribution to a candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political party committee, legislative leadership committee, political committee or continuing political committee for a first or a second and subsequent offenses, pursuant to section 15 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-20.1); (9) (Deleted by amendment, P.L.2004, c.174); (10) (Deleted by amendment, P.L.2004, c.174); (11) (Deleted by amendment, P.L.2004, c.174); (12) the amount of filing fees which may be collected from a candidate committee, a joint candidates committee, a continuing political committee, a political party committee, a legislative leadership committee, or any other person pursuant to section 6 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-6) (as that section shall have been amended by P.L.1983, c.579). c. Not later than December 15, 2023 and every two years thereafter, the commission shall report to the Legislature and make public its adjustment of limits in accordance with the provisions of this section. Whenever, following the transmittal of that report, the commission shall have notice that a person has declared as a candidate for nomination for election or for election to any public office in a forthcoming primary or general election, it shall promptly notify that candidate of the amounts of those adjusted limits. L.1993, c.65, s.22; amended 2004, c.28, s.2; 2004, c.174, s.1; 2009, c.66, s.9; 2023, c.30, s.2. NJSA 19:44A-7.3 Adjustments, limits, contributions, office other than Governor, Lieutenant Governor; Report to Legislature 2. a. No later than July 1, 2024 and every two years thereafter, the commission shall adjust the amounts, set forth in subsection b. of this section and applicable to P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), to primary and general elections for any public office other than the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, to limitations on contributions to and from political committees, continuing political committees, candidate committees, joint candidates committees, political party committees and legislative leadership committees and to other amounts, at a percentage which shall be calculated in the same manner as the percentage of change that the commission applies to the amounts used for the primary election for the office of Governor and the general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, pursuant to section 19 of P.L.1980, c.74 (C.19:44A-7.1). Any amount so adjusted shall be rounded in the same manner as provided in that section. b. The amounts to be adjusted as provided under this section shall be: (1) the maximum amount of contributions permitted to be made by an individual, a corporation or labor organization to a candidate, candidate committee or joint candidates committee, the maximum amount of contributions permitted to be made by a political committee or a continuing political committee to a candidate, candidate committee or joint candidates committee other than the committee of a candidate for nomination for the office of Governor or the committee of candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor and the maximum amount of contributions permitted to be made by one candidate, candidate committee or joint candidates committee, other than the committee of a candidate for nomination for the office of Governor or the committee for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, to another candidate, candidate committee or joint candidates committee other than the committee of a candidate for nomination for the office of Governor or the committee for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor pursuant to section 18 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.3); (2) the maximum amount of contributions permitted to be made by an individual, corporation, labor organization, political committee, continuing political committee, candidate committee or joint candidates committee or any other group to any political party committee or any legislative leadership committee pursuant to section 19 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.4); and (3) the maximum amount of contributions permitted to be made by a candidate, candidate committee or joint candidates committee to a political committee or a continuing political committee and the maximum amount of contributions permitted to be made by one political committee or continuing political committee to another political committee or continuing political committee pursuant to section 20 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.5). c. No later than July 15, 2024 and every two years thereafter, the commission shall report to the Legislature and make public its adjustment of limits pursuant to this section. Whenever, following the transmittal of that report, the commission shall have notice that a person has declared as a candidate for nomination for election or for election to any public office in a forthcoming primary or general election, it shall promptly notify that candidate of the amounts of those adjusted limits. L.2004, c.174, s.2; amended 2009, c.66, s.10; 2023, c.30, s.3. NJSA 19:44A-8 Contributions, expenditures, reports, requirements 8. a. (1) Each political committee shall make a full cumulative report, upon a form prescribed by the Election Law Enforcement Commission, of all contributions in excess of $200 in the form of moneys, loans, paid personal services, or other things of value made to it and all expenditures made, incurred, or authorized by it in furtherance of the nomination, election, or defeat of any candidate, or in aid of the passage or defeat of any public question, or to provide political information on any candidate or public question, during the period ending 48 hours preceding the date of the report and beginning on the date on which the first of those contributions was received or the first of those expenditures was made, whichever occurred first. The cumulative report, except as hereinafter provided, shall contain the name and mailing address of each person or group from whom moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value in excess of $200 have been contributed since 48 hours preceding the date on which the previous such report was made and the amount contributed by each person or group, and where the contributor is an individual, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. In the case of any loan reported pursuant to this subsection, the report shall contain the name and mailing address of each person who has cosigned such loan since 48 hours preceding the date on which the previous such report was made, and where an individual has cosigned such loans, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. The cumulative report shall also contain the name and address of each person, firm or organization to whom expenditures have been paid since 48 hours preceding the date on which the previous such report was made and the amount and purpose of each such expenditure. The cumulative report shall be filed with the Election Law Enforcement Commission on the dates designated in section 16 hereof. The campaign treasurer of the political committee reporting shall certify to the correctness of each report. Each campaign treasurer of a political committee shall file written notice with the commission of a contribution in excess of $200 received during the period between the 13th day prior to the election and the date of the election, and of an expenditure of money or other thing of value in excess of $200 made, incurred or authorized by the political committee to support or defeat a candidate in an election, or to aid the passage or defeat of any public question, during the period between the 13th day prior to the election and the date of the election. The notice of a contribution shall be filed in writing or by electronic transmission within 72 hours of the receipt of the contribution when the contribution is received between the 13th day and the eighth day prior to the election, or within 24 hours of the receipt of the contribution when the contribution is received between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election. The notice shall set forth the amount and date of the contribution, the name and mailing address of the contributor, and where the contributor is an individual, the individual's occupation and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. The notice of an expenditure shall be filed in writing or by electronic transmission within 72 hours of the making, incurring or authorization of the expenditure when the expenditure is made, incurred, or authorized between the 13th day and the eighth day prior to the election, or within 24 hours when the expenditure is made, incurred, or authorized between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election. The notice shall set forth the name and mailing address of the person, firm or organization to whom or which the expenditure was paid and the amount and purpose of the expenditure. (2) When a political committee or an individual seeking party office makes or authorizes an expenditure on behalf of a candidate, it shall provide immediate written notification to the candidate of the expenditure. b. (1) A group of two or more persons acting jointly, or any corporation, partnership, or any other incorporated or unincorporated association including a political club, political action committee, civic association or other organization, which in any calendar year contributes or expects to contribute at least $2,500.00 to the aid or promotion of the candidacy of an individual, or of the candidacies of individuals, for elective public office or the passage or defeat of a public question or public questions and which expects to make contributions toward such aid or promotion, or toward such passage or defeat, during a subsequent election shall certify that fact to the commission, and the commission, upon receiving that certification and on the basis of any information as it may require of the group, corporation, partnership, association or other organization, shall determine whether the group, corporation, partnership, association or other organization is a continuing political committee for the purposes of this act. If the commission determines that the group, corporation, partnership, association or other organization is a continuing political committee, it shall so notify that continuing political committee. No person serving as the chairman of a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be eligible to be appointed or to serve as the chairman of a continuing political committee. (2) A continuing political committee shall file with the Election Law Enforcement Commission, not later than April 15, July 15, October 15 and January 15 of each calendar year, a cumulative quarterly report of all moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value in excess of $200 contributed to it during the period ending on the 15th day preceding that date and commencing on January 1 of that calendar year or, in the case of the cumulative quarterly report to be filed not later than January 15, of the previous calendar year, and all expenditures made, incurred, or authorized by it during the period, whether or not such expenditures were made, incurred or authorized in furtherance of the election or defeat of any candidate, or in aid of the passage or defeat of any public question or to provide information on any candidate or public question. The cumulative quarterly report shall contain the name and mailing address of each person or group from whom moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value in excess of $200 have been contributed and the amount contributed by each person or group, and where an individual has made such contributions, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. In the case of any loan reported pursuant to this subsection, the report shall contain the name and address of each person who cosigns such loan, and where an individual has cosigned such loans, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. The report shall also contain the name and address of each person, firm or organization to whom expenditures have been paid and the amount and purpose of each such expenditure. The treasurer of the continuing political committee reporting shall certify to the correctness of each cumulative quarterly report. Each continuing political committee shall provide immediate written notification to each candidate of all expenditures made or authorized on behalf of the candidate. If any continuing political committee submitting cumulative quarterly reports as provided under this subsection receives a contribution from a single source of more than $200 after the final day of a quarterly reporting period and on or before a primary, general, municipal, school or special election which occurs after that final day but prior to the final day of the next reporting period it shall, in writing or by electronic transmission, report that contribution to the commission within 72 hours of the receipt thereof if that contribution is received between the 15th day prior to that election and the day of the election, except that a contribution received between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election shall be reported within 24 hours of the receipt thereof, including in that report the amount and date of the contribution; the name and mailing address of the contributor; and where the contributor is an individual, the individual's occupation and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. If any continuing political committee makes or authorizes an expenditure of money or other thing of value in excess of $200, or incurs any obligation therefor, to support or defeat a candidate in an election, or to aid the passage or defeat of any public question, between the 15th day prior to the day of the primary election and the day of the primary election, or between the 15th day prior to the day of the general election and the day of the general election, it shall, in writing or by electronic transmission, report that expenditure to the commission within 72 hours of the making, authorizing or incurring thereof, except that an expenditure made, authorized, or incurred between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election shall be reported within 24 hours of the making, authorizing, or incurring thereof. A continuing political committee which ceases making contributions toward the aiding or promoting of the candidacy of an individual, or of the candidacies of individuals, for elective public office in this State or the passage or defeat of a public question or public questions in this State shall certify that fact in writing to the commission, and that certification shall be accompanied by a final accounting of any fund relating to such aiding or promoting including the final disposition of any balance in such fund at the time of dissolution. Until that certification has been filed, the committee shall continue to file the quarterly reports as provided under this subsection. c. Each political party committee and each legislative leadership committee shall file with the Election Law Enforcement Commission, not later than April 15, July 15, October 15 and January 15 of each calendar year, a cumulative quarterly report of all moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value in excess of $200 contributed to it during the period ending on the 15th day preceding that date and commencing on January 1 of that calendar year or, in the case of the cumulative quarterly report to be filed not later than January 15, of the previous calendar year, and all expenditures made, incurred, or authorized by it during the period, whether or not such expenditures were made, incurred or authorized in furtherance of the election or defeat of any candidate, or in aid of the passage or defeat of any public question or to provide information on any candidate or public question. The cumulative quarterly report shall contain the name and mailing address of each person or group from whom moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value in excess of $200 have been contributed and the amount contributed by each person or group, and where an individual has made such contributions, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. In the case of any loan reported pursuant to this subsection, the report shall contain the name and address of each person who cosigns such loan, and where an individual has cosigned such loans, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. The report shall also contain the name and address of each person, firm or organization to whom expenditures have been paid and the amount and purpose of each such expenditure. The treasurer of the political party committee or legislative leadership committee reporting shall certify to the correctness of each cumulative quarterly report. d. (1) Each independent expenditure committee making an electioneering communication pertaining to a primary election shall file with the Election Law Enforcement Commission a cumulative report on the 11th day preceding the primary election, and after the primary election file a report on the 20th day following the election, upon a form prescribed by the Election Law Enforcement Commission, of all contributions received in excess of $7,500 in the form of moneys, loans, paid personal services, or other things of value made to it for the purpose of furthering the independent expenditure, and of all independent expenditures made, incurred, or authorized by it beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the reporting date. Each independent expenditure committee making an electioneering communication pertaining to a municipal, runoff, school board, special, or general election shall file with the Election Law Enforcement Commission a cumulative report on the 29th day preceding the election, a report on the 11th day preceding the election, and after the election file a report on the 20th day following the election, upon a form prescribed by the Election Law Enforcement Commission, of all contributions received in excess of $7,500 in the form of moneys, loans, paid personal services, or other things of value made to it for the purpose of furthering the independent expenditure, and of all independent expenditures made, incurred, or authorized by it beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the reporting date. The report, except as hereinafter provided, shall contain the name and mailing address of each person or group from whom moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value have been contributed since 48 hours preceding the date on which such previous report was made and the amount contributed by each person or group in excess of $7,500, and when the contributor is an individual, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. In the case of any loan reported pursuant to this subsection, the report shall contain the name and mailing address of each person who has cosigned such loan since 48 hours preceding the date on which the previous such report was made, and when an individual has cosigned such loans, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. The report shall also contain the name and address of each person, firm, or organization to whom expenditures have been paid since 48 hours preceding the date on which the previous such report was made and the amount and purpose of each such expenditure. (2) The treasurer of the reporting independent expenditure committee shall certify the correctness of each report and shall maintain all records of contributions and expenditures for a period of not less than four years. The $7,500 contribution amount shall remain as stated in this subsection without further adjustment by the commission pursuant to section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). e. When a political party committee or legislative leadership committee receives a contribution from a single source of more than $200 after the final day of a quarterly reporting period and on or before a primary, general, municipal, school, or special election which occurs after that final day but prior to the final day of the next reporting period it shall, in writing or by electronic transmission, report that contribution to the commission within 72 hours of the receipt thereof if that contribution is received between the 15th day prior to that election and the day of the election, except that a contribution received between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election shall be reported within 24 hours of the receipt thereof, including in that report the amount and date of the contribution; the name and mailing address of the contributor; and where the contributor is an individual, the individual's occupation and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. When a political party committee or legislative leadership committee makes or authorizes an expenditure of money or other thing of value in excess of $800, or incurs any obligation therefor, to support or defeat a candidate in an election, or to aid the passage or defeat of any public question, between the 15th day prior to the day of the primary election and the day of the primary election, or between the 15th day prior to the day of the general election and the day of the general election, it shall, in writing or by electronic transmission, report that expenditure to the commission within 72 hours of the making, authorizing or incurring thereof, except that an expenditure made, authorized, or incurred between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election shall be reported within 24 hours of the making, authorizing, or incurring thereof. f. In any report filed pursuant to the provisions of this section the organization or committee reporting may exclude from the report the name of and other information relating to any contributor whose contributions during the period covered by the report did not exceed $200, provided, however, that (1) such exclusion is unlawful if any person responsible for the preparation or filing of the report knew that it was made with respect to any person whose contributions relating to the same election or issue and made to the reporting organization or committee aggregate, in combination with the contribution in respect of which such exclusion is made, more than $200 and (2) any person who knowingly prepares, assists in preparing, files or acquiesces in the filing of any report from which the identification of a contributor has been excluded contrary to the provisions of this section is subject to the provisions of section 21 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-21), but (3) nothing in this proviso shall be construed as requiring any committee or organization reporting pursuant to this act to report the amounts, dates or other circumstantial data regarding contributions made to any other organization or political committee, political party committee or campaign organization of a candidate. g. Any report filed pursuant to the provisions of this section shall include an itemized accounting of all receipts and expenditures relative to any testimonial affairs held since the date of the most recent report filed, which accounting shall include the name and mailing address of each contributor in excess of $200 to such testimonial affair and the amount contributed by each; in the case of an individual contributor, the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer; the expenses incurred; and the disposition of the proceeds of such testimonial affair. The $200 limit established in this subsection shall remain as stated in this subsection without further adjustment by the commission in the manner prescribed by section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). L.1973, c.83, s.8; amended 1981, c.151, s.4; 1981, c.337, s.1; 1983, c.579, s.11; 1993, c.65, s.3; 2004, c.28, s.3; 2004, c.33, s.1; 2019, c.124, s.2; 2023, c.30, s.4. NJSA 19:44A-8.1 Submission, statement of registration, committee 21. a. Each political committee, as defined in subsection i. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3), which aids or promotes the nomination for election or the election of a candidate or the passage or defeat of a public question, each independent expenditure committee, as defined in subsection t. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3), each continuing political committee as defined in subsection n. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83, and each legislative leadership committee as defined in subsection s. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83, shall submit to the commission a statement of registration which includes: (1) the complete name or identifying title of the committee and the general category of entity or entities, including but not limited to business organizations, labor organizations, professional or trade associations, candidate for or holder of public office, political party, ideological grouping or civic association, the interests of which are shared by the leadership, members, or financial supporters of the committee; (2) the mailing address of the committee and the name and resident address of a resident of this State who shall have been designated by the committee as its agent to accept service of process; and (3) a descriptive statement prepared by the organizers or officers of the committee that identifies (a) the names and mailing addresses of the persons having control over the affairs of the committee, including but not limited to persons in whose name or at whose direction or suggestion the committee solicits funds, and persons participating in any decision to make a contribution of such funds to any candidate, political committee or continuing political committee and, in the case of an independent expenditure committee, any decision to make an independent expenditure; (b) the name and mailing address of any person not included among the persons identified under subparagraph (a) of this paragraph who, directly or through an agent, participated in the initial organization of the committee; (c) in the case of any person identified under subparagraph (a) or subparagraph (b) who is an individual, the occupation of that individual, the individual's home address, and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer, or, in the case of any such person which is a corporation, partnership, unincorporated association, or other organization, the name and mailing address of the organization; and (d) any other information which the Election Law Enforcement Commission may, under such regulations as it shall adopt pursuant to the provisions of the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.), require as being material to the fullest possible disclosure of the economic, political and other particular interests and objectives which the committee has been organized to or does advance. The commission shall be informed, in writing, of any change in the information required by this paragraph within three days of the occurrence of the change. Legislative leadership committees shall be exempt from the requirements of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph. b. After submission of a statement of registration to the commission pursuant to this section, the committee shall use the complete name or identifying title on all documents submitted to the commission, in all solicitations for contributions, in all paid media advertisements purchased or paid for by the committee in support of or in opposition to any candidate or public question, and in all contributions made by the committee to candidates or other committees and, in the case of an independent expenditure committee, any decision to make an independent expenditure. c. Each report of contributions under section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8) by a political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, or legislative leadership committee required under subsection a. of this section to submit a statement of registration shall include, in the case of each contributor who is an individual, the home address of the individual if different from the individual's mailing address, or, in the case of any contributor which is an organization, any information, in addition to that otherwise required, which the Election Law Enforcement Commission may, under such regulations as it shall adopt pursuant to the provisions of the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.), require as being material to the fullest possible disclosure of the economic, political and other particular interests and objectives which the contributing organization has been organized to or does advance. d. Any political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, or legislative leadership committee may at any time apply to the commission for approval of an abbreviation or acronym of its complete, official name or title for its exclusive use on documents which it shall submit to the commission. Upon verification that the abbreviation or acronym has not been approved for such use by any other political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, or legislative leadership committee, the commission shall approve the abbreviation or acronym for such use by the applicant committee, and the committee, and any individual, corporation, partnership, membership organization or incorporated or unincorporated association which, under the provisions of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et al.), submits any documents to the commission containing a reference to that committee, shall thereafter use that approved abbreviation or acronym in documents submitted to the commission. The commission shall, during its regular office hours, maintain for public inspection in its offices a current alphabetically arranged list of all such approved abbreviations and acronyms, indicating for each the name of the committee for which it stands, and shall make copies of the list available upon request. e. No foreign national, government, instrumentality, or agent may register as an independent expenditure committee for the purpose of making independent expenditures in any State or local election. L.1993, c.65, s.21; amended 2019, c.124, s.3; 2023, c.30, s.29. NJSA 19:44A-9 Candidate, joint candidates committees; reports; requirements 9. a. Unless already established, each candidate, as defined in paragraph (1) of subsection c. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3), shall, no later than the date on which that candidate first receives any contribution or makes or incurs any expenditures in connection with an election, establish (1) a candidate committee, (2) a joint candidates committee, or (3) both, for the purpose of receiving contributions and making expenditures. No person serving as the chairman of a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be eligible to be appointed or to serve as the chairman of a candidate committee or joint candidates committee, other than a candidate committee or joint candidates committee established to further the nomination for election or the election of that person as a candidate for public office. Subsequent to an election, a candidate, whether or not successful in that election, shall maintain a candidate committee or a joint candidates committee so long as contributions are received or expenditures made by that former candidate. An elected officeholder who receives contributions and who has not maintained a candidate committee or a joint candidates committee shall establish a candidate committee, a joint candidates committee, or both, in a timely manner for the purpose of receiving contributions and making expenditures. b. (1) The candidate or candidates, as the case may be, shall file with the Election Law Enforcement Commission a certificate of organization on a form prescribed by the commission. The certificate shall identify the name of the committee, which shall be the sole name under which the committee receives contributions, makes expenditures and otherwise does business and which shall include the surname or surnames, as appropriate, of the candidate or candidates, except that in the case of a joint candidates committee, the name of the committee need not include such surnames if it identifies the legislative district, county, municipality or other jurisdiction in which the candidates jointly seek nomination for election or election and, in any case in which they seek nomination for election or election as the candidates of a political party, the name of that party, provided that no joint candidates committee so named shall take the same name as that of any committee of a political party or another joint candidates committee. In the case of a candidate committee, the name of the committee shall identify the office sought by the candidate. The certificate shall provide for the initial appointment by the candidate, or candidates, of a campaign treasurer and for the designation by the candidate, or candidates, of that treasurer of the candidate committee, or joint candidates committee, as the campaign treasurer of the candidate, or candidates, for the purposes of subsection a. of section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8) and shall generally identify and be signed by the candidate, or candidates, and the chairman and the treasurer of the candidate committee or joint candidates committee, as the case may be. No person serving as the chairman of a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be eligible to be appointed or to serve as the treasurer of a candidate committee or joint candidates committee, other than a candidate committee or joint candidates committee established to further the nomination for election or the election of that person as a candidate for public office. The certificate shall be filed prior to or simultaneously with the filing of a notification of the designation of a campaign depository as provided under subsection c. of this section. Upon the filing of such a certificate of organization and until the termination of the committee, the candidate committee or joint candidates committee shall file the reports which the campaign treasurer or treasurers of the candidate or candidates would otherwise be required to file under subsection a. of section 16 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-16). (2)Each campaign treasurer of a candidate committee or a joint candidates committee for a candidate, or candidates, for the Senate, the General Assembly or the office of Governor or Lieutenant Governor shall be a trained treasurer, pursuant to subsection g. of section 6 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-6), or shall acquire such training within 90 days of designation as a campaign treasurer. Any other campaign treasurer of a candidate committee or a joint candidates committee may be a trained treasurer. c.Each candidate, or the candidates comprising a joint candidates committee, shall designate a campaign depository. Any bank authorized by law to transact business in the State may be designated as the campaign depository. Notification of the designation of the campaign depository shall be made by the candidate's, candidates' or committee's filing the name and address of such depository with the Election Law Enforcement Commission no later than the tenth day after receipt by the candidate or the committee of any contribution on behalf of the candidate or candidates or after the making or incurring by the candidate or candidates of any expenditure on behalf of that candidacy, whichever comes first. d.Each candidate and campaign treasurer shall certify the correctness of each report filed by the candidate committee or joint candidates committee with the commission and that each report conforms with the limitations on contributions and expenditures provided for in sections 18, 19 and 20 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.3, C.19:44A-11.4 and C.19:44A-11.5). e.A campaign treasurer of a candidate or candidates may appoint deputy campaign treasurers as required and may designate additional campaign depositories in each county in which the campaign is conducted. The candidate or candidates shall file the names and addresses of deputy campaign treasurers and additional campaign depositories with the Election Law Enforcement Commission. f.A candidate or candidates may remove a campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer. In the case of the death, resignation or removal of a campaign treasurer, the candidate or candidates shall appoint a successor as soon as practicable and shall file the name and address of that person with the Election Law Enforcement Commission within three days. A candidate may serve as his or her own campaign treasurer. One of the candidates in a joint candidates committee may serve as the campaign treasurer of the entire committee. g.An individual who is a candidate for two or more public offices in an election or in separate elections shall establish separate candidate committees or separate joint candidates committees or both for each office contested. h. (1) On and after the 366th day following the effective date of P.L.1993, c.65, no candidate shall establish, authorize the establishment of, maintain, or participate directly or indirectly in the management or control of, any political committee or any continuing political committee. Within one year after the enactment of this act, every candidate who maintains, or who participates either directly or indirectly in the management or control of, one or more political committees or one or more continuing political committees, or both, shall wind up or cause to be wound up the affairs of those committees in accordance with the provisions of section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8) and transfer all of the funds therein into a candidate committee or a joint candidates committee. All funds thus transferred shall be subject to the provisions of section 17 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.2). (2)The person or persons having control over a legislative leadership committee shall not be required to wind up the affairs of that committee but shall be required to conform to the requirements of paragraph (1) of this subsection with regard to any other political committees or continuing political committees under the control of the person or persons and used by that person for the purpose of receiving contributions and making expenditures. L.1973, c.83, s.9; amended 1983, c.579, s.12; 1993, c.65, s.4; 1995, c.194, s.2; 2004, c.22, s.2; 2009, c.66, s.11. NJSA 19:44A-10 Organizational treasurer, depository of committee 10. Each political party committee shall, on or before July 1 in each year, designate a single organizational treasurer and an organizational depository and shall, not later than the tenth day after the designation of the organizational depository file the name and address of that depository, and of the organizational treasurer, with the Election Law Enforcement Commission. Every political committee may designate a chairman of the committee, but no person serving as the chairman of a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be eligible to be appointed or to serve as the chairman of a political committee. Every political committee shall, not later than the date on which it first receives any contribution or makes or incurs any expenditure in the furtherance or aid of the election or defeat of any candidate or the passage or defeat of any public question, appoint a single campaign treasurer and designate a campaign depository, but no person serving as the chairman of a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be eligible to be appointed or to serve as the campaign treasurer of a political committee. Not later than the tenth day after the initial designation of the campaign depository, the committee shall file the name and address of the depository, and of the campaign treasurer, with the Election Law Enforcement Commission. Every independent expenditure committee may designate a chairman of the committee, but no person serving as the chairman of a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be eligible to be appointed or to serve as the chairman of an independent expenditure committee. No candidate or holder of public office, directly or indirectly, shall establish, authorize the establishment of, maintain, or participate in the management or control of any independent expenditure committee. Every independent expenditure committee, not later than the date on which it first receives any contribution or makes or incurs any independent expenditure, shall appoint a single organizational treasurer and designate an organizational depository, but no person serving as the chairman of a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be eligible to be appointed or to serve as the organizational treasurer of an independent expenditure committee. Not later than the 10th day after the initial designation of the organizational depository, the committee shall file the name and address of the depository, and of the organizational treasurer, with the Election Law Enforcement Commission. Every continuing political committee shall, not later than the date on which it first receives any contribution or makes or incurs any expenditure in the furtherance or aid of the election or defeat of any candidate or the passage or defeat of any public question, appoint a single organizational treasurer and designate an organizational depository, provided that no person who is the chairman of a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be eligible to be appointed or to serve as the organizational treasurer of a continuing political committee. Not later than the tenth day after the initial designation of the organizational depository, the committee shall file the name and address of the depository, and of the organizational treasurer, with the Election Law Enforcement Commission. Every legislative leadership committee shall, not later than the date on which it first receives any contribution or makes or incurs any expenditure in the furtherance or aid of the election or defeat of any candidate or the passage or defeat of any public question, appoint a single organizational treasurer and designate an organizational depository. Not later than the tenth day after the initial designation of the organizational depository, the committee shall file the name and address of the depository, and of the organizational treasurer, with the Election Law Enforcement Commission. Each organizational treasurer of a State political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be a trained treasurer, pursuant to subsection g. of section 6 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-6), or shall acquire such training within 90 days of appointment as an organizational treasurer. An organizational treasurer of any other political party committee or a continuing political committee or an independent expenditure committee and a campaign treasurer of a political committee may be a trained treasurer. An organizational treasurer of a political party committee, a continuing political committee, an independent expenditure committee, or a legislative leadership committee and a campaign treasurer of a political committee may appoint deputy organizational or campaign treasurers as may be required and may designate additional organizational or campaign depositories. Such committees shall file the names and addresses of such deputy treasurers and additional depositories with the Election Law Enforcement Commission not later than the fifth day after their appointment or designation, respectively. Any political party committee, any political committee, any independent expenditure committee, any continuing political committee, and any legislative leadership committee may remove its organizational or campaign treasurer or deputy treasurer. In the case of the death, resignation or removal of its organizational or campaign treasurer, the committee shall appoint a successor as soon as practicable and shall file his name and address with the Election Law Enforcement Commission within three days. L.1973, c.83, s.10; amended 1983, c.579, s.13; 1993, c.65, s.5; 2004, c.22, s.3; 2019, c.124, s.4; 2023, c.30, s.30. NJSA 19:44A-10.1 Establishment of legislative leadership committee 16. a. The President of the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the General Assembly and the Minority Leader of the General Assembly may each establish, authorize the establishment of, or designate one legislative leadership committee for the purpose of receiving contributions and making expenditures to aid or promote the candidacy of any individual, or the candidacy of individuals, for elective office in any election or the passage or defeat of a public question or public questions in any election. The President of the Senate, the Minority Leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the General Assembly and the Minority Leader of the General Assembly, or the person authorized to establish a legislative leadership committee therefor, shall appoint such members and adopt such bylaws for the maintenance of the committee as is deemed appropriate. In the event that the State committee of a political party is designated hereunder to serve as a legislative leadership committee, any receipts and expenditures of that State committee which relate to its activity as a legislative leadership committee shall be accounted for separately from receipts and expenditures relating to the State committee's other activities, and all activity by that State committee in its capacity as a legislative leadership committee shall, for all purposes of this act, be considered as having been conducted as the activities of a separate legislative leadership committee. b. Within 30 days after such a committee is established, the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall be informed, in writing, of the names and addresses of the chairperson, vice-chairperson, and all other members of the committee. The commission shall be similarly informed of any change in the membership of the committee within three days of the occurrence of the change. L.1993,c.65,s.16. NJSA 19:44A-10.2 Segregated depository account, eligible expenses, non-political purposes, certain, permitted; maximum contribution; reporting 33. Notwithstanding any provision of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), or any other law, rule, or regulation to the contrary, the two major political parties in this State and their respective county political party committees shall be permitted to create a segregated depository account, separate from any campaign depository account, to be deemed as the "housekeeping account." The purpose of the housekeeping account shall be to pay eligible expenses for non-political purposes of the State political party committee or county political party committee including, but not limited to, legal activity, accounting, compliance, human resources, collective bargaining, capital expenses such as mortgage payments, rent, utilities, and taxes, and expenses related to county, State, or national political party conventions. The two major political parties in this State and their respective county political party committees shall be permitted to raise funds for deposit into the housekeeping account, except that the maximum contribution or limit on the funds raised from any given person, candidate, or committee shall be equivalent to half the amounts established under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) for the State committee of a political party or the county committee of a political party. Gubernatorial campaigns shall be permitted to utilize the funds deposited in a political party housekeeping account established under this section for any non-political expenditures incurred following the election in which the gubernatorial candidates participated, and those non-political expenditures shall not be considered an in-kind contribution. Each State political party committee and each county political party committee establishing a housekeeping account as provided under this section shall file with the Election Law Enforcement Commission a report of all contributions received for the housekeeping account in excess of $200 and of all expenditures made from the account. The reports shall contain the same information and shall be filed in the same schedule as the reports of campaign contributions and expenditures required to be filed by political party committees pursuant to subsection c. of section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8). L.2023, c.30, s.33. NJSA 19:44A-11 Procedures, contributions, expenditures; requirements 11. No contribution of money or other thing of value, nor obligation therefor, including but not limited to contributions, loans or obligations of a candidate himself or of his family, shall be made or received, and no expenditure of money or other thing of value, nor obligation therefor, including expenditures, loans or obligations of a candidate himself or of his family, shall be made or incurred, directly or indirectly, to support or defeat a candidate in any election, or to aid the passage or defeat of any public question, or as an independent expenditure or electioneering communication in the case of an independent expenditure committee, except through: a. The duly appointed campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurers of the candidate committee or joint candidates committee; b. The duly appointed organizational treasurer or deputy organizational treasurers of a political party committee or a continuing political committee; c. The duly appointed campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurers of a political committee; d. The duly appointed organizational treasurer or deputy organizational treasurer of a legislative leadership committee; or e. The duly appointed organizational treasurer or deputy organizational treasurer of an independent expenditure committee. It shall be lawful, however, for any person, not acting in concert with any other person or group, to expend personally from his own funds a sum which is not to be repaid to him for any purpose not prohibited by law, or to contribute his own personal services and personal traveling expenses, to support or defeat a candidate or to aid the passage or defeat of a public question; provided, however, that any person making such expenditure shall be required to report his or her name and mailing address and the amount of all such expenditures and expenses, except personal traveling expenses, if the total of the money so expended, exclusive of such traveling expenses, exceeds $200, and also, where the person is an individual, to report the individual's occupation and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer, to the Election Law Enforcement Commission at the same time and in the same manner as a political committee subject to the provisions of section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8). Such expenditure made during the period between the 13th day and the eighth day prior to the election shall be filed in writing or by electronic transmission within 72 hours of the making, incurring or authorization of the expenditure, and such expenditure made during the period between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election shall be reported within 24 hours of the making, incurring, or authorization of the expenditure, which filing shall set forth the name and mailing address of the person, firm or organization to whom or which the expenditure was paid and the amount and purpose of the expenditure. No contribution of money shall be made in currency, except contributions in response to a public solicitation, provided that cumulative currency contributions of up to $200 may be made to a candidate committee or joint candidates committee, a political committee, a continuing political committee, an independent expenditure committee, a legislative leadership committee or a political party committee if the contributor submits with the currency contribution a written statement of a form as prescribed by the commission, indicating the contributor's name, mailing address and occupation and the amount of the contribution, including the contributor's signature and the name and mailing address of the contributor's employer. Adjustments to the $200 limit established in this paragraph which have been made by the Election Law Enforcement Commission, pursuant to section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2), prior to the effective date of P.L.2004, c.28 are rescinded. The $200 limit established in this paragraph shall remain as stated in this paragraph without further adjustment by the commission in the manner prescribed by section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). Any anonymous contribution received by a campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer shall not be used or expended, but shall be returned to the donor, if his identity is known, and if no donor is found, the contribution shall escheat to the State. No person, partnership or association, either directly or through an agent, shall make any loan or advance, the proceeds of which that person, partnership or association knows or has reason to know or believe are intended to be used by the recipient thereof to make a contribution or expenditure, except by check or money order identifying the name, mailing address and occupation or business of the maker of the loan, and, if the maker is an individual, the name and mailing address of that individual's employer; provided, however, that such loans or advances to a single individual, up to a cumulative amount of $50 in any calendar year, may be made in currency. L.1973, c.83, s.11; amended 1983, c.579, s.14; 1993, c.65, s.6; 1995, c.391, s.3; 2004, c.28, s.4; 2004, c.33, s.2; 2019, c.124, s.5; 2023, c.30, s.5. NJSA 19:44A-11.2 Permitted use of contributions 17. a. All contributions received by a candidate, candidate committee, a joint candidates committee or a legislative leadership committee shall be used only for the following purposes: (1) the payment of campaign expenses; (2) contributions to any charitable organization described in section 170(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended or modified, or nonprofit organization which is exempt from taxation under section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, except any charitable organization of which the candidate or a member of the candidate's immediate family is a paid officer, director or employee or receives compensation for goods or services provided to the organization; (3) transmittal to another candidate, candidate committee, or joint candidates committee, or to a political committee, continuing political committee, legislative leadership committee or political party committee, for the lawful use by such other candidate or committee; (4) the payment of the overhead and administrative expenses related to the operation of the candidate committee or joint candidates committee of a candidate or a legislative leadership committee; (5) the pro rata repayment of contributors; or (6) the payment of ordinary and necessary expenses of holding public office. As used in this subsection, "campaign expenses" means any expense incurred or expenditure made by a candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee or legislative leadership committee for the purpose of paying for or leasing items or services used in connection with an election campaign, other than those items or services which may reasonably be considered to be for the personal use of the candidate, any person associated with the candidate or any of the members of a legislative leadership committee; and "member of the candidate's immediate family" means the candidate's spouse, child, parent, or sibling, and the child, parent, or sibling of the candidate's spouse. b. No contribution received by a candidate or by the candidate committee or joint candidates committee of a candidate may be used for the payment of the expenses arising from the furnishing, staffing or operation of an office used in connection with that person's official duties as an elected public official. c. Any funds remaining in the campaign depository of a candidate's candidate committee or joint candidates committee upon the death of the candidate shall be used only for one or more of the purposes established in subsection a. of this section by the committee's organizational treasurer or deputy treasurer or whoever has control of the depository upon the death of the candidate. d. Expenses incurred by the holder of a public office or a candidate for child care may be paid from campaign contributions received pursuant to P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) only if the expenses are for providing care for the well-being and protection of the child outside of the home, in a child care facility, or in the home of the office holder or candidate. Eligible expenses shall be those that result directly from activities in which the office holder or candidate engages for the purposes of holding public office or of a campaign for public office, and would not have otherwise been incurred but for those activities. Child care expenses shall not include payments to a member of the office holder's or candidate's household. e. Expenses incurred by the holder of a public office or a candidate or committee for litigation or legal costs arising from campaign activities shall be permitted to be paid from campaign contributions received pursuant to P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.). The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall promulgate regulations regarding eligible expenses and shall provide written guidance upon request from an office holder or candidate prior to the expense being incurred or after the expense is incurred. L.1993, c.65, s.17; amended 2007, c.202; 2020, c.102; 2023, c.30, s.32. NJSA 19:44A-11.3 Contributions, candidates, limitations 18. a. No individual, other than an individual who is a candidate, no corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, no labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employers concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, or any group shall: (1) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee which in the aggregate exceeds $5,200 per election, or (2) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $5,200 per election per candidate, or (3) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $5,200 per election. No candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee shall knowingly accept from an individual, other than an individual who is a candidate, a corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, a labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employers concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, or any group any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $5,200 per election, and no candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, or their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee, shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $5,200 per election per candidate, and no candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $5,200 per election. b. (1) No political committee or continuing political committee shall: (a) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee, other than a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election, or (b) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer, or the joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election per candidate, or (c) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election. No candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee, other than a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, shall knowingly accept from any political committee or continuing political committee any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election, and no candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee, shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election per candidate, and no candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election. (2) The limitation upon the knowing acceptance by a candidate, campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, candidate committee or joint candidates committee of any contribution of money or other thing of value from a political committee or continuing political committee under the provisions of paragraph (1) of this subsection shall also be applicable to the knowing acceptance of any such contribution from the county committee of a political party by a candidate or the campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, candidate committee or joint candidates committee of a candidate for any elective public office in another county or, in the case of a candidate for nomination for election or for election to the office of member of the Legislature, in a legislative district in which, according to the federal decennial census upon the basis of which legislative districts shall have been established, less than 20% of the population resides within the county of that county committee. In addition, all contributor reporting requirements and other restrictions and regulations applicable to a contribution of money or other thing of value by a political committee or continuing political committee under the provisions of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et al.) shall likewise be applicable to the making or payment of such a contribution by such a county committee. The limitation upon the knowing acceptance by a candidate, campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, candidate committee or joint candidates committee of any contribution of money or other thing of value from a political committee or continuing political committee under the provisions of paragraph (1) of this subsection, except that the amount of any contribution of money or other thing of value shall be in an amount which in the aggregate does not exceed $50,000, shall also be applicable to the knowing acceptance of any such contribution from the county committee of a political party by a candidate, or the campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, candidate committee or joint candidates committee of a candidate, for nomination for election or for election to the office of member of the Legislature in a legislative district in which, according to the federal decennial census upon the basis of which legislative districts shall have been established, at least 20% but less than 40% of the population resides within the county of that county committee. In addition, all contributor reporting requirements and other restrictions and regulations applicable to a contribution of money or other thing of value by a political committee or continuing political committee under the provisions of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et al.) shall likewise be applicable to the making or payment of such a contribution by such a county committee. With respect to the limitations in this paragraph, the Legislature finds and declares that: (a) Persons making contributions to the county committee of a political party have a right to expect that their money will be used, for the most part, to support candidates for elective office who will most directly represent the interest of that county; (b) The practice of allowing a county committee to use funds raised with this expectation to make unlimited contributions to candidates for the Legislature who may have a limited, or even nonexistent, connection with that county serves to undermine public confidence in the integrity of the electoral process; (c) Furthermore, the risk of actual or perceived corruption is raised by the potential for contributors to circumvent limits on contributions to candidates by funneling money to candidates through county committees; (d) The State has a compelling interest in preventing the actuality or appearance of corruption and in protecting public confidence in democratic institutions by limiting amounts which a county committee may contribute to legislative candidates whose districts are not located in close proximity to that county; and (e) It is, therefore, reasonable for the State to promote this compelling interest by limiting the amount a county committee may give to a legislative candidate based upon the degree to which the population of the legislative district overlaps with the population of that county. c. (1) No candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy treasurer or candidate committee shall (a) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to another candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee, other than a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election, or (b) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election per candidate in the recipient committee, or (c) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election. No candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee, other than a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election to the offices of the Governor and Lieutenant Governor, shall knowingly accept from another candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee, any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election, and no candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee, shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election per candidate in the recipient committee, and no candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee, shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election. (2) No candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee shall (a) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to another candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee, other than a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, which in the aggregate exceeds, on the basis of each candidate in the contributing joint candidates committee, $16,400 per election, or (b) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds, on the basis of each candidate in the contributing joint candidates committee, $16,400 per election per candidate in the recipient joint candidates committee, or (c) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers or candidate committee or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds, on the basis of each candidate in the contributing joint candidates committee, $16,400 per election. No candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or candidate committee, other than a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, shall knowingly accept from other candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or joint candidates committee, any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds, on the basis of each candidate in the contributing committee, $16,400 per election, and no candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee, shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds, on the basis of each candidate in the contributing joint candidates committee, $16,400 per election per candidate in the recipient joint candidates committee, and no candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee, shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds, on the basis of each candidate in the contributing joint candidates committee, $16,400 per election. (3) No candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee shall (a) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to another candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or candidate committee, other than a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election, or (b) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election per candidate in the recipient joint candidates committee, or (c) pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election. No candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or candidate committee, other than a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, shall knowingly accept from a candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee, any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election, and no candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee, shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election per candidate in the recipient joint candidates committee, and no candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee, the campaign treasurers, deputy campaign treasurers, or candidate committee or joint candidates committee shall knowingly accept from any such source any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $16,400 per election. (4) Expenditures by a candidate for nomination for election or for election to the office of member of the Legislature or to an office of a political subdivision of the State, or by the campaign treasurer, deputy treasurer, candidate committee or joint candidates committee of such a candidate, which are made in furtherance of the nomination or election, respectively, of another candidate for the same office in the same legislative district or the same political subdivision shall not be construed to be subject to any limitation under this subsection; for the purposes of this sentence, the offices of member of the State Senate and member of the General Assembly shall be deemed to be the same office. d. Nothing contained in this section shall be construed to impose any limitation on contributions by a candidate, or by a corporation, 100% of the stock in which is owned by a candidate or the candidate's spouse, child, parent or sibling residing in the same household, to that candidate's campaign. e. For the purpose of determining the amount of a contribution to be attributed as given to or by each candidate in a joint candidates committee, the amount of the contribution to or by such a committee shall be divided equally among all the candidates in the committee. L.1993, c.65, s.18; amended 2004, c.174, s.3; 2009, c.66, s.12; 2023, c.30, s.6. NJSA 19:44A-11.3a Limitations on receipt of contributions, certain, between county committees; violations, penalties 13.In addition to any other applicable limit prescribed by law, between January 1 and June 30 of each year, a county committee of a political party shall not make a contribution to any other county committee of a political party, nor shall any such county committee accept a contribution from any other county committee during that time period. In addition to any other penalty provided by law, a county committee that willfully and intentionally violates this section, or willfully and intentionally makes a contribution to any candidate or committee with the intent, condition, understanding or belief that the candidate or committee has made or shall make a contribution to another county committee, shall be liable to a penalty equal to four times the amount of the contribution. L.2004,c.19,s.13. NJSA 19:44A-11.3b Candidacy declaration, receiving maximum contribution permitted 26. Whenever any candidate, as defined in paragraph (1) of subsection c. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3), declares a candidacy for any election and establishes a candidate committee, a joint candidates committee, or both, as the case may be, for the purpose of receiving contributions and making expenditures in connection with that election, the candidate shall only accept from each entity permitted to make contributions to the candidate an amount not greater than the maximum contribution limit permitted by law to be made by the entity to the candidate for that election, even if the candidate declares a candidacy and establishes the committee or committees before the election year in which the candidate will run for office. No entity shall make additional contributions to a candidate for any election beyond the maximum contribution permitted by law. L.2023, c.30, s.26. NJSA 19:44A-11.4 Contributions, political party leadership committees; limitations 19 . a. (1) Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (2) of this subsection, no individual, no corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, no labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employers concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, no political committee, continuing political committee, candidate committee or joint candidates committee or any other group, shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to the campaign treasurer, deputy treasurer or other representative of the State committee of a political party or the campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or other representative of any legislative leadership committee, which in the aggregate exceeds $75,000 per year, or in the case of a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, $75,000 per year per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $75,000 per year from that candidate. No campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or other representative of the State committee of a political party or campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or other representative of any legislative leadership committee shall knowingly accept from an individual, a corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, a labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employers concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, a political committee, a continuing political committee, a candidate committee or a joint candidates committee or any other group, any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $75,000 per year, or in the case of a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, $75,000 per year per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $75,000 per year from that candidate. (2) No national committee of a political party shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to the campaign treasurer, deputy treasurer or other representative of the State committee of a political party which in the aggregate exceeds $144,000 per year, and no campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or other representative of the State committee of a political party shall knowingly accept from the national committee of a political party any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $144,000 per year. b. No individual, no corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, no labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employers concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, no political committee, continuing political committee, candidate committee or joint candidates committee or any other group, shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to any county committee of a political party, which in the aggregate exceeds $75,000 per year, or in the case of a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, $75,000 per year per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $75,000 per year from that candidate. No campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or other representative of a county committee of a political party shall knowingly accept from an individual, a corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, a labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employers concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, a political committee, a continuing political committee, a candidate committee or a joint candidates committee or any other group, any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $75,000 per year, or in the case of a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, $75,000 per year per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $75,000 per year from that candidate. c. No individual, no corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, no labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employers concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, no political committee, continuing political committee, candidate committee or joint candidates committee or any other group shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to any municipal committee of a political party, which in the aggregate exceeds $14,400 per year, or in the case of a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, $14,400 per year per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $14,400 per year from that candidate. No campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or other representative of a municipal committee of a political party shall knowingly accept from an individual, a corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, a labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employers concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, a political committee, a continuing political committee, a candidate committee or a joint candidates committee or any other group, any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds $14,400 per year, or in the case of a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, $14,400 per year per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $14,400 per year from that candidate. No county committee of a political party in any county shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a municipal committee of a political party in a municipality not located in that county which in the aggregate exceeds the amount of aggregate contributions which, under this subsection, a continuing political committee is permitted to pay or make to a municipal committee of a political party. No campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or other representative of a municipal committee of a political party in any municipality shall knowingly accept from any county committee of a political party in any county other than the county in which the municipality is located any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds the amount of contributions permitted to be so paid or made under that subsection. d. For the purpose of determining the amount of a contribution to be attributed as given by each candidate in a joint candidates committee, the amount of the contribution by such a committee shall be divided equally among all the candidates in the committee. L.1993,c.65,s.19; amended 2001, c.384, s.2; 2004, c.174, s.4; 2023, c.30, s.7. NJSA 19:44A-11.5 Contributions, political, continuing political committees; limitations 20. a. No candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy treasurer or candidate committee shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a political committee, other than a political committee which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, or a continuing political committee, which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of such a political committee, $14,400 per election, or in the case of a continuing political committee, $14,400 per year, and no candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer or joint candidates committee shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to such a political committee or continuing political committee which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of such a political committee, $14,400 per election per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a continuing political committee, $14,400 per year per candidate in the joint candidates committee, and no candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of such a political committee, $14,400 per election from that candidate, or in the case of a continuing political committee, $14,400 per year from that candidate. No political committee, other than a political committee which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, or a continuing political committee, shall knowingly accept from a candidate who has established only a candidate committee, his campaign treasurer, deputy treasurer or candidate committee, any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of such a political committee, $14,400 per election, or in the case of a continuing political committee, $14,400 per year, and no such political committee or continuing political committee shall knowingly accept from candidates who have established only a joint candidates committee, their campaign treasurer, deputy campaign treasurer, or joint candidates committee, any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of such a political committee, $14,400 per election per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a continuing political committee, $14,400 per year per candidate in the joint candidates committee, and no such political committee or continuing political committee shall knowingly accept from a candidate who has established both a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of such a political committee, $14,400 per election from that candidate, or in the case of a continuing political committee, $14,400 per year from that candidate. For the purpose of determining the amount of a contribution to be attributed as given by each candidate in a joint candidates committee, the amount of the contribution by such a committee shall be divided equally among all the candidates in the committee. b. No political committee, other than a political committee which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, and no continuing political committee shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to another political committee, other than a political committee which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, or another continuing political committee which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of a recipient continuing political committee, $14,400 per year, or in the case of a recipient political committee, $14,400 per election. No political committee, other than a political committee which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, and no continuing political committee shall knowingly accept from another political committee, other than a political committee which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, or another continuing political committee any contribution of money or other thing of value which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of a recipient continuing political committee, $14,400 per year, or in the case of a recipient political committee, $14,400 per election. c. No individual, no corporation of any kind organized and incorporated under the laws of this State or any other state or any country other than the United States, no labor organization of any kind which exists or is constituted for the purpose, in whole or in part, of collective bargaining, or of dealing with employees concerning the grievances, terms or conditions of employment, or of other mutual aid or protection in connection with employment, nor any other group, shall pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value to a political committee, other than a political committee which is organized to, or does, aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, or a continuing political committee, which in the aggregate exceeds, in the case of such a political committee, $14,400 per election, or in the case of a continuing political committee, $14,400 per year, and no such political committee or continuing political committee shall knowingly accept any contribution in excess of those amounts from an individual or from such corporation, labor organization, or other group. L.1993,c.65,s.20; amended 2001, c.384, s.3; 2023, c.30, s.8. NJSA 19:44A-11.6 Loans for contributions; limitations 23. Any person, partnership, association, political committee or continuing political committee may make a loan or loans to any person, partnership, association, political committee or continuing political committee with knowledge or reason to know that the prospective recipient of the loan intends to use the proceeds thereof to make a contribution in aid of any candidate or the candidate committee or joint candidates committee of any candidate, provided that, at any time, the aggregate total of the unrepaid portion of all such loans by that lender shall not exceed an amount equal to twice the maximum amount of contributions in the aggregate which, under subsection a. of section 18 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.3), the lender is permitted to make to such a candidate. The provisions of this subsection shall not apply to any bank, savings bank, savings and loan association or credit union, whether chartered by the United States, this State, or any other state or territory of the United States, or by a foreign country. L.1993,c.65,s.23. NJSA 19:44A-11.7 Certain payments, check required 1. Any payment to any individual which is related to efforts by or on behalf of a candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, or legislative leadership committee in aid of or to promote the candidacy of an individual for nomination for election or for election to elective public office or the passage or defeat of a public question, or to efforts directly to promote or encourage the participation of voters in an election, including but not limited to payments made to campaign workers and payments to other individuals which are intended for further transfer to election-day workers or other ultimate payees, shall be made by check payable to such named individual, and no such payment shall be made in currency. Any payment to a candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, or legislative leadership committee, or to any other person, association or group, by a candidate or any such committee or by any other person, association or group, which payment is related to efforts in aid of or to promote the candidacy of an individual for nomination for election or for election to elective public office or the passage or defeat of a public question, or to efforts directly to promote or encourage the participation of voters in an election, shall be made by check payable to the named committee, person, association, or group, and no such payment shall be made in currency. As used in this section, "candidate", "candidate committee", "joint candidates committee," "political committee," "continuing political committee," "political party committee," and "legislative leadership committee" shall have the meanings prescribed for those respective terms by section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3). L.1993,c.370. NJSA 19:44A-11.8 Additional reporting requirements on currency contributions 1. Any candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, legislative leadership committee, or other person or group required to report a contribution to the commission pursuant to P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) shall, in addition to the reporting requirements set forth in that act, unless specifically required in another provision of that act, file a report with the commission on any contribution accepted in currency, regardless of the amount of that contribution. The report shall be in the manner required by the commission. Such report shall include the name and mailing address of each contributor, the occupation of the contributor and the amount of the currency contribution, and the name and mailing address of the contributor's employer. If the currency is contributed in response to a public solicitation, such report shall also include the name and mailing address of each individual that contributed currency to the solicitation, the occupation of the individual and the amount of the contribution, and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. L.2004,c.28,s.1. NJSA 19:44A-11.9 Political contributions by public agencies prohibited; definition 1.A public agency shall not pay or make any contribution of money or other thing of value, whether out of public funds or any other funds which the public agency may control, to any candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, or legislative leadership committee, and no such candidate or committee shall accept such contribution. Any person who willfully and intentionally makes or accepts a contribution in violation of this section shall be liable to the penalties set forth in subsections e. and f. of section 22 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-22). As used in this section, "public agency" means any of the principal departments in the Executive Branch of State Government, and any division, board, bureau, office, commission or other instrumentality within or created by such department; the Legislature of the State and any office, board, bureau or commission within or created by the Legislative Branch; and any independent State authority, commission, instrumentality or agency, including any public institution of higher education. The terms also mean any political subdivision of the State or combination of political subdivisions, and any division, board, bureau, office, commission or other instrumentality within or created by a political subdivision of the State or combination of political subdivisions, and any independent authority, commission, instrumentality or agency created by a political subdivision or combination of political subdivisions. L.2007, c.197, s.1. NJSA 19:44A-12 Records of contributions 12. An organizational or campaign treasurer or deputy organizational or campaign treasurer of a candidate committee or joint candidates committee, a political committee, a continuing political committee, an independent expenditure committee, a political party committee or a legislative leadership committee shall make a written record of all funds which he receives as contributions to the candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee, including in that record the name and mailing address of the contributor, the amount and date of the contribution, and where the contributor is an individual, the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. The organizational or campaign treasurer shall retain that record for a period of not less than four years. All funds so received shall be deposited by the campaign or organizational treasurer or deputy campaign or organizational treasurer in a campaign depository of the candidate committee or joint candidates committee, the continuing political committee, political committee, independent expenditure committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee no later than the tenth calendar day following receipt of such funds; except that any such treasurer or deputy treasurer may, when authorized by the candidate, candidates or committee of which he is the campaign or organizational treasurer or deputy campaign or organizational treasurer, transfer any such funds to the duly designated campaign or organizational treasurer or deputy campaign or organizational treasurer of another candidate or committee, for inclusion in the campaign depository thereof, without first so depositing them; provided, however, that the amount so transferred shall not be in excess of the amount that may be contributed by one candidate to another candidate in an election pursuant to section 18 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.3), but this proviso shall not be construed to prohibit a county or municipal committee of a political party from making a contribution or contributions, or from transferring funds as hereinabove authorized, to any candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, political party committee, or legislative leadership committee. A record of all nondeposited funds so transferred shall be attached to the statement required under this section, identifying them as to source and amount in the same manner as deposited funds. L.1973, c.83, s.12; amended 1983, c.579, s.15; 1993, c.65, s.8; 1995, c.178; 2019, c.124, s.6. NJSA 19:44A-16 Candidates, reports, contributions, expenditures 16. a. The campaign treasurer of each candidate committee and joint candidates committee shall make a cumulative quarterly report, upon a form prescribed by the Election Law Enforcement Commission, of all contributions in excess of $200 in the form of moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value, made to him or to the deputy campaign treasurers of the candidate committee or joint candidates committee, and all expenditures paid out of the election fund of the candidate or candidates, during the period ending with the second day preceding the date of the cumulative quarterly report and beginning on the date of the first of those contributions, the date of the first of those expenditures, or the date of the appointment of the campaign treasurer, whichever occurred first. The report shall also contain the name and mailing address of each person or group from whom moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value in excess of $200 were contributed after the second day preceding the date of the previous cumulative quarterly report and the amount contributed by each person or group, and where an individual has made such contributions, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. In the case of any loan reported pursuant to this section, the report shall further contain the name and mailing address of each person who cosigns such loan, the occupation of the person and the name and mailing address of the person's employer. If no moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value were contributed, the report shall so indicate, and if no expenditures were paid or incurred, the report shall likewise so indicate. The campaign treasurer and the candidate or several candidates shall certify the correctness of the report. b. During the period between the appointment of the campaign treasurer and the election with respect to which contributions are accepted or expenditures made by him, the campaign treasurer shall file his cumulative campaign quarterly report (1) on the 29th day preceding the election, and (2) on the 11th day preceding the election; and after the election he shall file his report on the 20th day following such election. Concurrent with the report filed on the 20th day following an election, or at any time thereafter, the campaign treasurer of a candidate committee or joint candidates committee may certify to the Election Law Enforcement Commission that the election fund of such candidate committee or joint candidates committee has wound up its business and been dissolved, or that business regarding the late election has been wound up but the candidate committee or joint candidates committee will continue for the deposit and use of contributions in accordance with section 17 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.2). Certification shall be accompanied by a final accounting of such election fund, or of the transactions relating to such election, including the final disposition of any balance remaining in such fund at the time of dissolution or the arrangements which have been made for the discharge of any obligations remaining unpaid at the time of dissolution. Until the candidate committee or joint candidates committee is dissolved, each such treasurer shall continue to file reports in the form and manner herein prescribed. The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall promulgate regulations providing for the termination of post-election campaign reporting requirements applicable to political committees, candidate committees and joint candidates committees. The requirements to file quarterly reports after the first post-election report may be waived by the commission, notwithstanding that the certification has not been filed, if the commission determines under any regulations so promulgated that the outstanding obligations of the political committee, candidate committee or joint candidates committee do not exceed 10% of the expenditures of the campaign fund with respect to the election or $1,000.00, whichever is less, or are likely to be discharged or forgiven. A candidate committee or joint candidates committee shall file with the Election Law Enforcement Commission, not later than April 15, July 15, October 15 of each calendar year in which the candidate or candidates in control of the committee does or do not run for election or reelection and January 15 of each calendar year in which the candidate or candidates does or do run for election or reelection, a cumulative quarterly report of all moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value in excess of $200 contributed to it or to the candidate or candidates during the period ending on the 15th day preceding that date and commencing on January 1 of that calendar year or, in the case of the cumulative quarterly report to be filed not later than January 15, of the previous calendar year, and all expenditures made, incurred, or authorized by it or the candidate or candidates during the period, whether or not such expenditures were made, incurred or authorized in furtherance of the election or defeat of any candidate, or in aid of the passage or defeat of any public question or to provide information on any candidate or public question. The commission may by regulation require any such candidate committee or joint candidates committee to file during any calendar year one or more additional cumulative reports of such contributions received and expenditures made as may be necessary to ensure that no more than five months shall elapse between the last day of a period covered by one such report and the last day of the period covered by the next such report. The commission, on any form it shall prescribe for the reporting of expenditures by a candidate committee or joint candidates committee, shall provide for the grouping together of all expenditures under the category of "campaign expenses" under paragraph (1) of subsection a. of section 17 of P.L.1993, c.65, identified as such, and for the grouping together, separately, of all other expenditures under the categories prescribed by paragraphs (2) through (6) of that subsection. The cumulative quarterly report due on April 15 in a year immediately after the year in which the candidate or candidates does or do run for election or reelection shall contain a report of all of the contributions received and expenditures made by the candidate or candidates since the 18th day after that election. The cumulative quarterly report shall contain the name and mailing address of each person or group from whom moneys, loans, paid personal services or other things of value in excess of $200 have been contributed and the amount contributed by each person or group, and where an individual has made such contributions, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. In the case of any loan reported pursuant to this section, the report shall contain the name and address of each person who cosigns such loan, and where an individual has cosigned such loans, the report shall indicate the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of his employer. The report shall also contain the name and address of each person, firm or organization to whom expenditures have been paid and the amount and purpose of each such expenditure. The treasurer of the candidate committee or joint candidates committee and the candidate or candidates shall certify to the correctness of each cumulative quarterly report. c. No candidate for elective public office shall be required to file a duplicate copy of the campaign treasurer's report with the county clerk of the county in which the candidate resides. d. There shall be no obligation to file the reports required by this section on behalf of a candidate if such candidate files with the Election Law Enforcement Commission a sworn statement to the effect that the total amount to be expended in behalf of his candidacy by the candidate committee, by any political party committee, by any political committee, or by any person shall not in the aggregate exceed $2,000.00 or $4,000 for any joint candidates committee containing two candidates or $6,000 for any joint candidates committee containing three or more candidates. The sworn statement may be submitted at the time when the name and address of the campaign treasurer and depository is filed with the Election Law Enforcement Commission, provided that in any case the sworn statement is filed no later than the 29th day before an election. If a candidate who has filed such a sworn statement receives contributions from any one source aggregating more than $200 he shall forthwith make report of the same, including the name and mailing address of the source and the aggregate total of contributions therefrom, and where the source is an individual, the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer, to the Election Law Enforcement Commission. The $200 limit established in this subsection shall remain as stated in this subsection without further adjustment by the commission in the manner prescribed by section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). e. There shall be no obligation imposed upon a candidate seeking election to a public office of a school district to file either the reports required under subsection b. of this section or the sworn statement referred to in subsection d. of this section, if the total amount expended and to be expended in behalf of his candidacy by the candidate committee, any political committee, any continuing political committee, or a political party committee or by any person, does not in the aggregate exceed $2,000.00 per election or $4,000 for any joint candidates committee containing two candidates or $6,000 for any joint candidates committee containing three or more candidates; provided, that if such candidate receives contributions from any one source aggregating more than $200, he shall forthwith make a report of the same, including the name and mailing address of the source, the aggregate total of contributions therefrom, and where the source is an individual, the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer, to the commission. The $200 limit established in this subsection shall remain as stated in this subsection without further adjustment by the commission in the manner prescribed by section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). f. In any report filed pursuant to the provisions of this section, the names and addresses of contributors whose contributions during the period covered by the report did not exceed $200 may be excluded; provided, however, that (1) such exclusion is unlawful if any person responsible for the preparation or filing of the report knew that such exclusion was made with respect to any person whose total contributions relating to the same election and made to the reporting candidate or to an allied campaign organization or organizations aggregate, in combination with the total contributions in respect of which such exclusion is made, more than $200, and (2) any person who knowingly prepares, assists in preparing, files or acquiesces in the filing of any report from which the identity of any contributor has been excluded contrary to the provisions of this section is subject to the provisions of section 21 of this act, but (3) nothing in this proviso shall be construed as requiring any candidate committee or joint candidates committee reporting pursuant to this act to report the amounts, dates or other circumstantial data regarding contributions made to any other candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee. The $200 limit established in this subsection shall remain as stated in this subsection without further adjustment by the commission in the manner prescribed by section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). g. Any report filed pursuant to the provisions of this section shall include an itemized accounting of all receipts and expenditures relative to any testimonial affair held since the date of the most recent report filed, which accounting shall include the name and mailing address of each contributor in excess of $200 to such testimonial affair and the amount contributed by each; in the case of any individual contributor, the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer; the expenses incurred; and the disposition of the proceeds of such testimonial affair. The $200 limit established in this subsection shall remain as stated in this subsection without further adjustment by the commission in the manner prescribed by section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). h. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1993, c.65.) i. Each campaign treasurer of a candidate committee or joint candidates committee shall file written notice with the commission of a contribution in excess of $200 received during the period between the 13th day prior to the election and the date of the election and of an expenditure of money or other thing of value in excess of $800 made, incurred or authorized by the candidate committee or joint candidates committee to support or defeat a candidate in an election, or to aid the passage or defeat of any public question, during the period between the 13th day prior to the election and the date of the election, provided that a candidate shall not be required to file written notice pursuant to this subsection of an expenditure made to support his or her own candidacy, or to support or defeat a candidate for the same office in an election. For the purposes of this subsection, the offices of member of the Senate and member of the General Assembly shall be deemed to be the same office in a legislative district; the offices of member of the board of chosen freeholders and county executive shall be deemed to be the same office in a county; and the offices of mayor and member of the municipal governing body shall be deemed to be the same office in a municipality. The notice of a contribution shall be filed in writing or by electronic transmission within 72 hours of the receipt of the contribution, except that a contribution received between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election shall be reported within 24 hours of the receipt thereof. The notice shall set forth the amount and date of the contribution, the name and mailing address of the contributor, and where the contributor is an individual, the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. The notice of an expenditure shall be filed in writing or by electronic transmission within 72 hours of the making, incurring or authorization of the expenditure, except that such expenditure made during the period between the seventh day prior to the election and the date of the election shall be reported within 24 hours of the making, incurring, or authorization of the expenditure. The notice shall set forth the name and mailing address of the person, firm or organization to whom or which the expenditure was paid and the amount and purpose of the expenditure. j. Each county shall provide on its Internet site a link to the Internet site for the Election Law Enforcement Commission for the purpose of providing public access to the reports that are required to be submitted to the commission pursuant to this section. L.1973, c.83, s.16; amended 1975, c.11; 1981, c.337, s.2; 1983, c.579, s.16; 1993, c.65, s.9; 2004, c.28, s.5; 2004, c.33, s.3l; 2014, c.58; 2023, c.30, s.9. NJSA 19:44A-18 Post-election contributions, expenditures, testimonial affairs or public solicitations; reports 18. If any former candidate or any political committee or any person or association of persons in behalf of such political committee or former candidate shall receive any contributions or make any expenditures with relation to any election after the date set in section 16 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-16) for the final report subsequent to such election, or shall conduct any testimonial affair or public solicitation for the purpose of raising funds to cover any part of the expenses of a candidate, political committee, independent expenditure committee, or other organization in such election, all such contributions, expenditures, testimonial affairs or public solicitations shall be reported to the Election Law Enforcement Commission by the person or persons receiving such contributions or making such expenditures or conducting such testimonial affairs or public solicitations. Such report shall be made by any person receiving any such contribution or contributions, or making any such expenditure or expenditures, which in the aggregate total more than $100.00, or conducting any testimonial affair or public solicitation of which the net proceeds exceed $100.00; and shall be made within 20 days from the date upon which the aggregate of such contributions, expenditures or proceeds exceed $100.00 for the period commencing with the 19th day following such election or with the date upon which any previous report was made pursuant to this section, whichever is sooner. Such report shall be made in the same form and shall contain the same detail prescribed for any other report made pursuant to section 8 or 16 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8 or C.19:44A-16). L.1973, c.83, s.18; amended 1983, c.579, s.17; 2019, c.124, s.7. NJSA 19:44A-18.1 Inaugural fund-raising event limits 17. a. No person, candidate or political committee, otherwise eligible to make political contributions, shall make any contribution or contributions for the purpose of any gubernatorial inaugural fund-raising event or events in the aggregate in excess of $500. b.For the purposes of the limitation in subsection a. of this section the term "gubernatorial inaugural fund-raising event" means any event or events held between the date of the general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor and a date 15 days after the date of the inauguration of the Governor and Lieutenant Governor, whether the event is sponsored by the inaugural committee, the State political party committee representing the party of the Governor-elect and Lieutenant Governor-elect, or any other person or persons, and at which the Governor-elect or the Lieutenant Governor-elect is a prominent participant or for which solicitations of contributions include the names of the Governor-elect or Lieutenant Governor-elect in prominent display; except that this definition shall not apply to an event sponsored by a religious, charitable, benevolent, scientific, artistic or educational nonprofit institution as long as any proceeds from the event will not be controlled by the Governor-elect or Lieutenant Governor-elect or any political committee or political party committee, and the proceeds will not be contributed to the Governor-elect or Lieutenant Governor-elect, the candidacy of the Governor-elect or Lieutenant Governor-elect, a political committee or political party committee. c.The person or committee sponsoring the event shall make a full report of all contributions and expenditures with respect to the event within 45 days following the event in accordance with the provisions of this act. L.1980, c.74, s.17; amended 1981, c.521, s.1; 1989, c.4, s.4; 2009, c.66, s.13. NJSA 19:44A-19 Public solicitations 19. a. No person shall conduct any public solicitation as defined in this act except (1) upon written authorization of the campaign or organizational treasurer of the candidate committee or joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, independent expenditure committee, or legislative leadership committee on whose behalf such solicitation is conducted, or (2) in accordance with the provisions of subsection c. of this section. A person with such written authorization may employ and accept the services of others as solicitors, and shall be responsible for reporting to the treasurer the information required under subsection b. of this section and for delivery to the treasurer the net proceeds of such solicitation in compliance with section 11 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-11). A contribution made through donation or purchase in response to a public solicitation conducted pursuant to written authorization of a treasurer shall be deemed to have been made through such treasurer. b. Whenever a public solicitation has been authorized by a treasurer during a period covered by a report required to be filed under sections 8 and 16 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8 and C.19:44A-16), there shall be filed with such report and as a part thereof an itemized report on any such solicitation of which the net proceeds exceed $200, in such form and detail as required by the rules of the Election Law Enforcement Commission, which report shall include: (1) The name and mailing address of the person authorized to conduct such solicitation, the method of solicitation and, where the person is an individual, the occupation of the individual and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer; (2) The gross receipts and expenses involved in the solicitation including the actual amount paid for any items purchased for resale in connection with the solicitation, or, if such items or any portion of the cost thereof was donated, the estimated actual value thereof and the actual amount paid therefor, and the names and addresses of any such donors. If it is not practicable for such itemized report to be completed in time to be included with the report due under sections 8 and 16 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8 and C.19:44A-16) for the period during which such solicitation was held, then such itemized report may be omitted from said report and if so omitted shall be included in the report for the next succeeding period. Adjustments to the $200 limit established in this subsection which have been made by the Election Law Enforcement Commission, pursuant to section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2), prior to the effective date of P.L.2004, c.28 are rescinded. The $200 limit established in this subsection shall remain as stated in this subsection without further adjustment by the commission in the manner prescribed by section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). c. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection b. of this section, it shall be lawful for any natural person, not acting in concert with any other person or group, to make personally a public solicitation the entire proceeds of which, without deduction for the expenses of solicitation, are to be expended by him personally or under his personal direction to finance any lawful activity in support of or opposition to any candidate or public question or to provide political information on any candidate or public question or to seek to influence the content, introduction, passage or defeat of legislation; provided, however, that any individual making such solicitation who receives gross contributions exceeding $200 in respect to activities relating to any one election shall be required to make a report stating (1) the amount so collected, (2) the method of solicitation, (3) the purpose or purposes for which the funds so collected were expended and the amount expended for each such purpose and (4) the individual's name and mailing address, the individual's occupation and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer. Adjustments to the $200 limit established in this subsection which have been made by the Election Law Enforcement Commission, pursuant to section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2), prior to the effective date of P.L.2004, c.28 are rescinded. The $200 limit established in this subsection shall remain as stated in this subsection without further adjustment by the commission in the manner prescribed by section 22 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-7.2). Such report shall be made to the Election Law Enforcement Commission at the same time and in the same manner as a political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, independent expenditure committee, or a legislative leadership committee subject to the provisions of section 8 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-8). d. Contributions or purchases made in response to a public solicitation conducted in conformity with the requirements and conditions of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) shall not be deemed anonymous within the meaning of sections 11 and 20 of the act. e. No person contributing in good faith to a public solicitation not duly authorized in compliance with the provisions of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) shall be liable to any penalty under the act by reason of having made such contribution. L.1973, c.83, s.19; amended 1983, c.579, s.18; 1993, c.65, s.10; 2004, c.28, s.6; 2019, c.124, s.8. NJSA 19:44A-19.1 Candidates for elective public office, solicitations on government property; prohibited, certain circumstances 1. a. For the purposes of this section, the terms "contribution", "candidate", "candidate committee", and "joint candidates committee", shall have the meanings prescribed for those terms by section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3); and the term "property" means buildings used for the discharge of official government functions, business, duties, or purposes. b. (1) No candidate for any elective public office, or any holder of that elective public office, or the candidate's agent or representative, while located on any property exclusively owned or leased by the State, or any agency of the State, or by any county, municipality, board of education of a school district, fire district, authority, or other State or local entity, district or instrumentality shall, directly or indirectly, solicit any contribution to or on behalf of any candidate for elective public office, or the candidate committee or joint candidates committee of any such candidate. The provisions of this subsection shall not apply to any casual or inadvertent communication otherwise made in connection with, but without intent to solicit, such a contribution. (2)No person, while located on any property exclusively owned or leased by the State, or any agency of the State, or by any county, municipality, board of education of a school district, fire district, authority, or other State or local entity, district or instrumentality shall, directly or indirectly, make any contribution to or on behalf of any candidate for elective public office, or the candidate committee or joint candidates committee of any such candidate. c.Any candidate for elective public office, or any holder of that elective public office, or their agent or representative, or any person, who is determined by the Election Law Enforcement Commission to have violated this act shall be liable to a penalty of not less than $5,000 for each violation. Any penalty imposed pursuant to this section may be recovered by a summary proceeding pursuant to the "Penalty Enforcement Law of 1999," P.L.1999, c.274 (C.2A:58-10 et seq.). d.In the event property exclusively owned or leased by the State, or any agency of the State, or by any county, municipality, board of education of a school district, fire district, authority, or other State or local entity, district or instrumentality or part thereof, is made available, through rent, reservation or otherwise, for the exclusive use of any group for a non-governmental purpose as a meeting location, the prohibition in subsection b. of this section shall not apply and the solicitation or making of contributions or funds of any nature from any or among or by the members of the group during the time the group is using the property made available as a meeting location is permitted. e.The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall have the jurisdiction to enforce the provisions of this section for violations thereof on property exclusively owned or leased by the State, or any agency of the State, or by any county, municipality, board of education of a school district, fire district, authority, or other State or local entity, district or instrumentality. L.2004, c.21, s.1; amended 2009, c.66, s.14; 2011, c.204. NJSA 19:44A-19.2 Definitions relative to professional fund raisers for political contributions; registration requirements 1. a. As used in this section: " Candidate " means a candidate for nomination for election or election to the office of Governor or the office of member of the Senate or General Assembly, and any candidate committee, joint candidates committee, or both, of such a candidate; " Committee " means a political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, or legislative leadership committee; " Person " means an individual, partnership, committee, association, corporation, or any other organization or group of persons; and " Professional Campaign Fund Raiser " or "fund raiser" means a person who is employed, retained or engaged for monetary compensation of at least $5,000 per year in the aggregate to perform for any candidate or committee, or both, any service directly related to the solicitation of contributions for that candidate or committee. The terms "professional campaign fund raiser" and "fund raiser" do not include any person who is reimbursed only for incurred costs by a candidate or committee for performing any service directly related to the solicitation of contributions for that candidate or committee. b.Whenever a professional campaign fund raiser plans or organizes or is involved in the planning or organizing of, or attends, at least three events within a three-month period at which contributions are raised by that person for a candidate or committee by whom he or she has been employed, retained or engaged, or that person raises money or other thing of value at least equivalent to the maximum amount of contributions permitted to be made by an individual to a candidate for public office pursuant to section 18 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.3) in the aggregate in contributions for such a candidate or committee prior to a primary election or prior to a general election, that person shall register with the Election Law Enforcement Commission using a form prepared by the commission. The form shall be filed within five business days after either threshold is reached and shall include the name, business mailing address, and regular occupation or business of the fund raiser, the resident mailing address of a State resident designated as the fund raiser's agent for the service of process, the general nature of the services to be offered, the dates and locations of each fund raising event the person planned or organized or was involved in the planning or organizing of, or attended, the amount of money the person raised at each event and any other information the commission deems relevant. A professional campaign fund raiser who registers for the first time pursuant to this subsection shall re-register annually thereafter regardless of the number of events that person plans, organizes or attends, or the amount of contributions that person receives as long as the person remains employed, retained or engaged as a professional fund raiser. A fund raiser who chooses to terminate fund raising services in this State shall so notify the commission in writing within 30 days after such termination of services. c.A fund raiser who has filed a registration form with the commission pursuant to subsection b. of this section shall file, not later than April 15, July 15, October 15 and January 15 of each calendar year, a report with the commission which includes, for the preceding quarter, the names of each candidate or committee for which fund raising services were provided, the services provided to each named candidate or committee, gross and net amounts raised for each named candidate or committee, the amount of compensation received from each candidate or committee, and an itemized list of expenditures made in connection with providing fund raising services. d.A fund raiser who has not registered with the commission pursuant to subsection b. of this section but is required to be registered, shall not, for compensation, perform for any candidate or committee any service directly related to the solicitation of contributions for that candidate or committee. A candidate or committee shall not pay any compensation to any fund raiser who is not registered pursuant to subsection b. of this section but is required to be registered, for performing any service directly related to the solicitation of contributions for that candidate or committee. e.Each fund raiser who registers with the commission shall pay, with the initial registration and annually thereafter, a fee to the commission which the commission shall establish by regulation to be not less than the fee paid by legislative agents pursuant to subsection j. of section 6 of P.L.1971, c.183 (C.52:13C-23), as well as reasonable fees for the filing of quarterly reports. f.There is created a non-lapsing revolving fund to be known as the "Professional Campaign Fund Raiser Fund," to be held separate and apart from all other funds of the State. All fees collected pursuant to subsection e. of this section shall be deposited in that fund and appropriated exclusively for the purposes of the commission. All monies appropriated from the fund shall be dedicated to defray the expenses of the commission in administering this act. g. (1) Any fund raiser who is determined by the commission to have purposely violated any provision of this section or to have filed or prepared or assisted in the preparation for filing or purposely acquiesced in the preparation or filing of any report required under this section which the fund raiser knows is false, inaccurate or incomplete in any material particular, or who purposely fails or refuses to file any such report when required to do so pursuant to this section, or who purposely supplies any information the fund raiser knows to be false, inaccurate or incomplete to any person preparing or assisting in the preparation of any such report, with the knowledge that such information is intended for the purposes of such report, is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. (2)Any fund raiser responsible for the preparation, certification, filing or retention of any reports, notices or other documents, who fails, neglects or omits to prepare, certify, file or retain any such report, record or notice or document by the time required by this section or who omits or incorrectly states or certifies any of the information required by this section to be included in such report, record, notice or document shall be liable to a penalty of not more than $6,000 for the first offense and not more than $12,000 for the second and each subsequent offense. Any penalty imposed pursuant to this subsection may be recovered by a summary proceeding pursuant to the "Penalty Enforcement Law of 1999," P.L.1999, c.274 (C.2A:58-10 et seq.). L.2004,c.29,s.1. NJSA 19:44A-20 Prohibited contributions, expenditures 20. No contribution of money or other thing of value, nor obligation therefor, shall be made, and no expenditure of money or other thing of value, nor obligation therefor, shall be made or incurred whether anonymously, in a fictitious name, or by one person or group in the name of another, to support or defeat a candidate in an election or to aid the passage or defeat of any public question or to provide political information on any candidate or public question or to seek to influence the content, introduction, passage or defeat of legislation. No individual, either alone or jointly with one or more other individuals, and no corporation, partnership, membership organization or other incorporated or unincorporated association shall loan or advance to any individual, group of individuals, corporation, partnership, membership organization or other incorporated or unincorporated association any money or other thing of value expressly for the purpose of inducing the recipient thereof, or any other individual, group, corporation, partnership, organization or association, to make a contribution, either directly or indirectly, of money or other thing of value to a candidate or the candidate committee or joint candidates committee of a candidate. No person shall contribute, or purport to contribute, to any candidate, candidate committee or joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee funds or property which does not actually belong to him and is not in his full custody and control; which has been given or furnished to him by any other person or group for the purpose of making a contribution thereof, except in the case of group contributions by persons who are members of the contributing group; or which has been loaned or advanced expressly for the purpose of inducing the making of a contribution to a candidate, candidate committee or joint candidates committee. No treasurer, candidate or member of a candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee shall solicit or knowingly accept, agree to accept or concur in or abet the solicitation or acceptance of any contribution contrary to the provisions of this section. L.1973, c.83, s.20; amended 1983, c.579, s.19; 1993, c.65, s.11; 2019, c.124, s.9. NJSA 19:44A-20.1 Corporation, labor organization contributions through employees, prohibited; penalties; fourth degree crime 15. a. No corporation or labor organization of any kind shall provide to any of its officers, directors, attorneys, agents or other employees any additional increment of salary, bonus or monetary remuneration of any kind which, in whole or in part, is intended by that corporation or labor organization to be used for the express purpose of paying or making a contribution, either directly or indirectly, of money or other thing of value to any candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political party committee, legislative leadership committee, political committee or continuing political committee. Any corporation or labor organization of any kind found to be in violation of this subsection shall, in addition to any other penalty provided by law, be liable to a penalty of not more than $6,000 for the first offense and not more than $12,000 for the second and each subsequent offense. Any officer, director, attorney, agent or other employee of a corporation or labor organization that provides to another employee of that corporation or labor organization any additional increment of salary, bonus or monetary remuneration of any kind for the purpose described in this subsection is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. b.No officer, director, attorney, agent or other employee of a corporation or labor organization of any kind shall use any part of any additional increment of salary, bonus or monetary remuneration of any kind which, in whole or in part, is intended by that corporation or labor organization to be used for the express and intentional purpose of paying or making a contribution, either directly or indirectly, of money or other thing of value to a candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political party committee, legislative leadership committee, political committee or continuing political committee by a corporation or labor organization of any kind, for the purpose of paying or making a contribution, either directly or indirectly, of money or other thing of value to a candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political party committee, legislative leadership committee, political committee or continuing political committee. Any officer, director, attorney, agent or other employee of a corporation or labor organization of any kind found to be in violation of this subsection of this section is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. L.1993,c.65,s.15; amended 2004, c.32, s.2. NJSA 19:44A-20.3 Contributors, State committee, presiding officer's political party; eligibility, contracts, Legislative branch 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law to the contrary: a State agency in the Legislative Branch shall not enter into a contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500, as determined in advance and certified in writing by the State agency, with a business entity, that requires approval by a presiding officer of either or both houses of the Legislature, except a contract that is awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, if, during the preceding one-year period, that business entity has made a contribution, reportable by the recipient under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), to any candidate committee established by that presiding officer; and a business entity that has entered into a contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500 with a State agency in the Legislative Branch, that requires approval by a presiding officer of either or both houses of the Legislature, except a contract that is awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, shall not make a contribution, reportable by the recipient under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), to any candidate committee established by that presiding officer, during the term of that contract. No such committee shall accept such a contribution from a business entity during the term of its contract with a State agency in the Legislative Branch. L.2004,c.19,s.2; amended 2023, c.30, s.10. NJSA 19:44A-20.4 Contributors, county committee, political party, elective officers; eligibility, county contracts 3. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law to the contrary: a county, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, shall not enter into a contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500, as determined in advance and certified in writing by the county, agency or instrumentality, with a business entity, except a contract that is awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, if, during the preceding one-year period, that business entity has made a contribution that is reportable by the recipient under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), to any candidate committee of any person serving in an elective public office of that county when the contract is awarded; and a business entity that has entered into a contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500 with a county, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, except a contract that is awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, shall not make such a contribution, reportable by the recipient under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), to any candidate committee of any person serving in an elective public office of that county when the contract is awarded, during the term of that contract. No such committee shall accept such a contribution from a business entity during the term of its contract with the county. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law, rule, or regulation to the contrary, a contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500 but below the applicable public bidding threshold shall not be required to be awarded by the governing body of a county, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, and may be awarded by the qualified purchasing agent of the contracting unit. L.2004,c.19,s.3; amended 2023, c.30, s.11. NJSA 19:44A-20.5 Contributors to municipal committee of political party of elective officers; eligibility for municipal contracts 4. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law to the contrary: a municipality, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, shall not enter into a contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500, as determined in advance and certified in writing by the municipality, agency or instrumentality, with a business entity, except a contract that is awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, if, during the preceding one-year period, that business entity has made a contribution that is reportable by the recipient under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), to any candidate committee of any person serving in an elective public office of that municipality when the contract is awarded; and a business entity that has entered into a contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500 with a municipality, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, except a contract that is awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, shall not make such a contribution, reportable by the recipient under P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), to any candidate committee of any person serving in an elective public office of that municipality when the contract is awarded, during the term of that contract. No such committee shall accept such a contribution from a business entity during the term of its contract with the municipality. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law, rule, or regulation to the contrary, a contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500 but below the applicable public bidding threshold shall not be required to be awarded by the governing body of a municipality, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, and may be awarded by the qualified purchasing agent of the contracting unit. L.2004,c.19,s.4; amended 2023, c.30, s.12. NJSA 19:44A-20.6 Certain contributions deemed as contributions by business entity 5. When a business entity is a natural person, a contribution by that person's spouse or child, residing therewith, shall be deemed to be a contribution by the business entity. When a business entity is other than a natural person, a contribution by any person or other business entity having an interest therein shall be deemed to be a contribution by the business entity. L.2004,c.19,s.5. NJSA 19:44A-20.7 Definitions relative to certain campaign contributions 6. As used in sections 2 through 12 of this act, P.L.2004, c.19 (C.19:44A-20.3 et seq.): " business entity " means any natural or legal person, business corporation, professional services corporation, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, business trust, association or any other legal commercial entity organized under the laws of this State or of any other state or foreign jurisdiction; " interest " means the ownership or control of more than 10% of the profits or assets of a business entity or 10% of the stock in the case of a business entity that is a corporation for profit, as appropriate; " fair and open process " means, at a minimum, that the contract shall be: publicly advertised in newspapers or on the Internet website maintained by the public entity in sufficient time to give notice in advance of the contract; awarded under a process that provides for public solicitation of proposals or qualifications and awarded and disclosed under criteria established in writing by the public entity prior to the solicitation of proposals or qualifications; and publicly opened and announced when awarded. A contract awarded under a process that includes public bidding or competitive contracting pursuant to the "Local Public Contracts Law," P.L.1971, c.198 (C.40A:11-1 et seq.) shall constitute a fair and open process. The decision of a public entity as to what constitutes a fair and open process shall be final. " State agency in the Legislative Branch " means the Legislature of the State and any office, board, bureau or commission within or created by the Legislative Branch. L.2004,c.19,s.6; amended 2005, c.51, s.14; 2023, c.30, s.13. NJSA 19:44A-20.8 Business entity to provide written certification, ELEC reports 7. a. Prior to awarding any contract, except a contract that is awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, a State agency in the Legislative Branch, a county, or a municipality shall require the business entity to which the contract is to be awarded to provide a written certification that it has not made a contribution that would bar the award of a contract pursuant to this act. b.A business entity shall have a continuing duty to report to the Election Law Enforcement Commission any contributions that constitute a violation of this act that are made during the duration of a contract. L.2004,c.19,s.7; amended 2005, c.51, s.15. NJSA 19:44A-20.9 Repayment of contribution 8. If a business entity makes a contribution that would cause it to be ineligible to receive a public contract or, in the case of a contribution made during the term of a public contract, that would constitute a violation of this act, the business entity may request, in writing, within 60 days of the date on which the contribution was made, that the recipient thereof repay the contribution and, if repayment is received within those 60 days, the business entity would again be eligible to receive a contract or would no longer be in violation, as appropriate. L.2004,c.19,s.8. NJSA 19:44A-20.10 Violations by business entities, penalties 9.A business entity which is determined by the Election Law Enforcement Commission to have willfully and intentionally made a contribution or failed to reveal a contribution in violation of this act may be liable to a penalty of up to the value of its contract with the public entity and may be debarred by the State Treasurer from contracting with any public entity for up to five years. L.2004,c.19,s.9. NJSA 19:44A-20.10a Failure to disclose, contribution, fines 24. Notwithstanding the provisions of any law, rule, or regulation to the contrary, a business entity that fails to disclose a contribution or the existence of a public contract shall be subject to a fine of not less than $250. L.2023, c.30, s.24. NJSA 19:44A-20.11 Penalty for acceptance of unlawful contribution 10. Any person who is determined by the Election Law Enforcement Commission to have willfully and intentionally accepted a contribution in violation of the provisions of sections 1 through 4 of this act shall be liable to a penalty for each such violation equal to the penalties set forth in subsection e. of section 22 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-22). L.2004,c.19,s.10. NJSA 19:44A-20.12 Construction of act relative to public exigency 11. Nothing contained in this act shall be construed as prohibiting the awarding of a contract when the public exigency requires the immediate delivery of goods or performance of emergency services as determined by the State Treasurer. L.2004,c.19,s.11. NJSA 19:44A-20.12a Public contracts, awarding, limiting, contributions, expire; compliance 25. Notwithstanding the provisions of any law, rule, or regulation to the contrary, any local ordinance, resolution, or regulation, as may be appropriate, adopted by a county, municipality, independent authority, board of education, or fire district pursuant or prior to section 1 of P.L.2005, c.271 (C.40A:11-51), limiting the awarding of public contracts therefrom to business entities that have made a contribution pursuant to "The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act," P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) and limiting the contributions that the holders of a contract can make during the term of a contract, shall cease to be in effect and shall expire on the effective date of this act, P.L.2023, c.30 (C.19:44A-20.10a et al.). The awarding of public contracts by a county, municipality, independent authority, board of education, or fire district shall be in compliance with the provisions of sections 3 through 11 of P.L.2004, c.19 (C.19:44A-20.4 through C.19:44A-20.12), sections 2 and 3 of P.L.2005, c.271 (C.19:44A-20.26 and C.19:44A-20.27), and any other applicable provision of current law. L.2023, c.30, s.25. NJSA 19:44A-20.13 Findings, declarations 1. The Legislature finds and declares that: In our representative form of government, it is essential that individuals who are elected to public office have the trust, respect and confidence of the citizenry; and All individuals, businesses, associations, and other persons have a right to participate fully in the political process of New Jersey, including making and soliciting contributions to candidates, political parties and holders of public office; and When a person or business interest makes or solicits major contributions to obtain a contract awarded by a government agency or independent authority, this constitutes a violation of the public's trust in government and raises legitimate public concerns about whether the contract has been awarded on the basis of merit; and The growing infusion of funds donated by business entities into the political process at all levels of government has generated widespread cynicism among the public that special interest groups are "buying" favors from elected officeholders; and For the purposes of protecting the integrity of government contractual decisions and of improving the public's confidence in government, it is a compelling interest of this State to prohibit awarding government contracts to business entities which are also contributors to candidates and the holders of public office; and Recent legal and policy changes have led to the proliferation of entities using their nonprofit tax status to promote candidates and spend money in political campaigns in an unlimited and unregulated fashion, allowing those entities to raise and spend significant sums of money in the political process in a manner that is not disclosed to the public; and Although the right of the public and organizations to participate in the political process and to support candidates of their choosing is fundamental to a vibrant democracy, reasonable safeguards on campaign contributions are an important part of the political process to ensure the public is protected from public corruption or the appearance thereof; and It is contrary to the public interest to allow unlimited campaign contributions to be made to entities supporting or opposing candidates for political office that are not subject to public disclosure; and It is preferable that campaign contributions to candidates, political party committees, legislative leadership committees, and other committees be regulated and subject to public disclosure, rather than be unlimited, unregulated, and undisclosed; and Encouraging entities to support candidates for public office in a regulated and transparent manner is essential to build public trust in their elected officials; and Transparent and regulated campaign contributions serve as an important safeguard against corruption by ensuring the public has essential information available to make informed decisions when exercising their voting preferences; and The so-called dark money political committees serve to weaken the trust of the public in their elected officials, whether those officials are benefitting from contributions from those entities or not; and Although the right of individuals and businesses to make campaign contributions is unequivocal, that right may be limited, even abrogated, when such contributions promote the actuality or appearance of public corruption; and It is essential that the public have confidence that the selection of State contractors is based on merit and not on political contributions made by such contractors and it is essential that the public have trust in the processes by which taxpayer dollars are spent; and It has long been the public policy of this State to secure for the taxpayers the benefits of competition, to promote the public good by promoting the honesty and integrity of bidders for public contracts and the system, and to guard against favoritism, improvidence, extravagance and corruption in order to benefit the taxpayers; and In the procurement process, our public policy grants to the State broad discretion, taking into consideration all factors, to award a contract to a bidder whose proposal will be most advantageous to the State; and The operations of the State government must be effectively and fairly managed to ensure public order and prosperity, and malfeasance, in whatever form it may take, must be confronted and uprooted; and The Legislature must safeguard the integrity of State government procurement by imposing restrictions on State agencies and independent authorities to insulate the negotiation and award of State contracts from political contributions that pose the risk of improper influence, purchase of access, or the appearance thereof. L.2005,c.51,s.1; amended 2023, c.30, s.14. NJSA 19:44A-20.14 Contributors, certain, ineligibility, agreement, State, authorities 2. The State or any of its purchasing agents or agencies or those of its independent authorities, as the case may be, shall not enter into an agreement or otherwise contract to procure from any business entity services or any material, supplies or equipment, or to acquire, sell, or lease any land or building, except for a contract or agreement awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, where the value of the transaction exceeds $17,500, if that business entity has solicited or made any contribution of money, or pledge of contribution, including in-kind contributions to a candidate committee or election fund of any candidate or holder of the public office of Governor or of Lieutenant Governor: (i) within the eighteen months immediately preceding the commencement of negotiations for the contract or agreement; (ii) during the term of office of a Governor and a Lieutenant Governor, in the case of contributions to a candidate committee or election fund of the holder of one of those offices; or (iii) within the eighteen months immediately preceding the last day of the term of office of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, in which case such prohibition shall continue through the end of the next immediately following term of the office of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, in the case of contributions to a candidate committee or election fund of the holder of one of those offices. L.2005, c.51, s.2; amended 2009, c.66, s.34; 2023, c.30, s.15. NJSA 19:44A-20.15 Contributions, certain, contractors, certain, State, authorities, prohibited 3. No business entity which agrees to any contract or agreement, except for a contract or agreement awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, with the State or any department or agency thereof or its independent authorities either for the rendition of services or furnishing of any material, supplies or equipment or for the acquisition, sale, or lease of any land or building, if the value of the transaction exceeds $17,500, shall knowingly solicit or make any contribution of money, or pledge of a contribution, including in-kind contributions, to a candidate committee or election fund of any candidate or holder of the public office of Governor or Lieutenant Governor. L.2005, c.51, s.3; amended 2009, c.66, s.35; 2023, c.30, s.16. NJSA 19:44A-20.16 "Contribution" defined 4. For the purposes of this act, a "contribution" means a contribution reportable by the recipient under "The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act, " P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.) made on or after the effective date of this act. L.2005,c.51,s.4. NJSA 19:44A-20.17 "Business entity" defined 5. For the purposes of this act, a "business entity" means any natural or legal person, business corporation, professional services corporation, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, business trust, association or any other legal commercial entity organized under the laws of this State or any other state or foreign jurisdiction. The definition of a business entity includes: (i) all principals who own or control more than 10 percent of the profits or assets of a business entity or 10 percent of the stock in the case of a business entity that is a corporation for profit, as appropriate; (ii) any subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled by the business entity; (iii) any political organization organized under section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code that is directly or indirectly controlled by the business entity, other than a candidate committee, election fund, or political party committee; and (iv) if a business entity is a natural person, that person's spouse or child, residing therewith, are also included within this definition. L.2005,c.51,s.5. NJSA 19:44A-20.18 Report of contributions by business entities as part of State procurement process 6. Prior to awarding any contract or agreement to procure services or any material, supplies or equipment from, or for the acquisition, sale, or lease of any land or building from or to, any business entity, the State or any of its purchasing agents or agencies, as the case may be, shall require, as part of the procurement process, the business entity to report all contributions the business entity made during the preceding four years to any political organization organized under section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code that also meets the definition of a "continuing political committee" within the meaning of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3). Such reporting shall be made in a manner and form to be developed by the State Treasurer with the advice of the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission, which agencies shall promulgate regulations to effect and implement this disclosure obligation. Such reports shall be subject to review by the State Treasurer. If the State Treasurer determines that any such contribution, or any other act that would constitute a breach of contract pursuant to section 9 of this act, poses a conflict of interest in the awarding of any contract or agreement, the State Treasurer shall disqualify such business entity from bidding on or being awarded such contract or agreement. L.2005,c.51,s.6. NJSA 19:44A-20.19 Written certification, business entities, contributions 7. Prior to awarding any contract or agreement, except for a contract or agreement awarded pursuant to a fair and open process, to procure services or any material, supplies or equipment from, or for the acquisition, sale, or lease of any land or building from or to, any business entity, the State or any of its purchasing agents or agencies or independent authorities, as the case may be, shall require the business entity to provide a written certification that it has not made a contribution that would bar the award of the contract pursuant to this act. The business entity shall have a continuing duty to report any contribution it makes during the term of the contract. Such reports shall be subject to review by the State Treasurer. If the State Treasurer determines that any such contribution constitutes a violation, such contribution shall be deemed a material breach of such contract or agreement. L.2005,c.51,s.7; amended 2023, c.30, s.17. NJSA 19:44A-20.20 Request for reimbursement of contribution 8. If a business entity inadvertently makes a contribution that would otherwise bar it from receiving a contract or makes a contribution during the term of a contract in violation of this act, the entity may request a full reimbursement from the recipient and, if such reimbursement is received within 30 days after the date on which the contribution was made, the business entity would again be eligible to receive a contract or would no longer be in violation, as appropriate. It shall be presumed that contributions made within 60 days of a gubernatorial primary or general election were not made inadvertently. L.2005,c.51,s.8. NJSA 19:44A-20.21 Breach, terms, government contract, contributions 9. It shall be a breach of the terms of the government contract for a business entity to: (i) make or solicit a contribution in violation of this act; (ii) knowingly conceal or misrepresent a contribution given or received; (iii) make or solicit contributions through intermediaries for the purpose of concealing or misrepresenting the source of the contribution; (iv) make or solicit any contribution on the condition or with the agreement that it will be contributed to a campaign committee of any candidate or holder of the public office of Governor or Lieutenant Governor; (v) engage or employ a lobbyist or consultant with the intent or understanding that such lobbyist or consultant would make or solicit any contribution, which if made or solicited by the business entity itself, would subject that entity to the restrictions of this act; (vi) fund contributions made by third parties, including consultants, attorneys, family members, and employees; (vii) engage in any exchange or contributions to circumvent the intent of this act; or (viii) directly or indirectly, through or by any other person or means, do any act which would subject that entity to the restrictions of this act. L.2005, c.51, s.9; amended 2009, c.66, s.36; 2023, c.30, s.18. NJSA 19:44A-20.22 Exception for public exigency 10. This act shall not prohibit the awarding of a contract when the public exigency requires the immediate delivery of goods or performance of services as determined by the State Treasurer. L.2005,c.51,s.10. NJSA 19:44A-20.23 Applicability, State agencies, authorities 11. This act shall apply to all State agencies including any of the principal departments in the Executive Branch, and any division, board, bureau, office, commission or other instrumentality within or created by such department and any independent State authority, board, commission, instrumentality or agency, with respect to any contract or agreement other than that awarded pursuant to a fair and open process. As used in P.L.2005, c.51 (C.19:44A-20.13 et seq.), "fair and open process" means, at a minimum, that the contract shall be: publicly advertised in newspapers or on the Internet website maintained by the public entity in sufficient time to give notice in advance of the contract; awarded under a process that provides for public solicitation of proposals or qualifications and awarded and disclosed under criteria established in writing by the public entity prior to the solicitation of proposals or qualifications; and publicly opened and announced when awarded. A contract awarded under a process that includes public bidding or competitive contracting pursuant to State contracts law shall constitute a fair and open process. The decision of a public entity as to what constitutes a fair and open process shall be final. L.2005,c.51,s.11; amended 2023, c.30, s.19. NJSA 19:44A-20.24 Contract, bid applications and specs to describe requirements of act 12. Every contract and bid application and specifications promulgated in connection therewith covered by this act shall contain a provision describing the requirements of this act and a statement that compliance with this act shall be a material term and condition of said contract or bid application and binding upon the parties thereto upon the entry of all applicable contracts. L.2005,c.51,s.12. NJSA 19:44A-20.25 Inapplicability of act under federal law or eminent domain 13. The provisions of sections 1 through 12 of this act, P.L.2005, c.51, shall not: a. apply in circumstances when it is determined by the federal government or a court of competent jurisdiction that its application would violate federal law or regulation; or b. prevent the State, its executive departments, agencies or independent authorities from complying with all of the requirements, conditions and obligations of the "Eminent Domain Act of 1971," P.L.1971, c.361 (C.20:3-1 et seq.), as amended and supplemented. L.2005,c.51,s.13. NJSA 19:44A-20.26 Submission, list, political contributions, State, local agencies contractor; definitions 2. a. Not later than 10 days prior to entering into any contract having an anticipated value in excess of $17,500, except for a contract that is required by law to be publicly advertised for bids, a State agency, county, municipality, independent authority, board of education, or fire district shall require any business entity bidding thereon or negotiating therefor, to submit along with its bid or price quote, a list of political contributions as set forth in this subsection that are reportable by the recipient pursuant to the provisions of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et al.) and that were made by the business entity during the preceding 12-month period, along with the date and amount of each contribution and the name of the recipient of each contribution. A business entity contracting with a State agency shall disclose contributions to any candidate committee of a candidate for, or holder of, a State elective office, or any continuing political committee. A business entity contracting with a county, municipality, independent authority, other than an independent authority that is a State agency, board of education, or fire district shall disclose contributions to: any candidate committee of a candidate for, or holder of, an elective office of that public entity, of that county in which that public entity is located, of another public entity within that county, or of a legislative district in which that public entity is located or, when the public entity is a county, of any legislative district which includes all or part of the county, or any continuing political committee. The provisions of this section shall not apply to a contract when a public emergency requires the immediate delivery of goods or services. b. When a business entity is a natural person, a contribution by that person's spouse or child, residing therewith, shall be deemed to be a contribution by the business entity. When a business entity is other than a natural person, a contribution by any person or other business entity having an interest therein shall be deemed to be a contribution by the business entity. When a business entity is other than a natural person, a contribution by: all principals, partners, officers, or directors of the business entity or their spouses; any subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled by the business entity; or any political organization organized under section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code that is directly or indirectly controlled by the business entity, other than a candidate committee, election fund, or political party committee, shall be deemed to be a contribution by the business entity. c. As used in this section: "business entity" means a for-profit entity that is a natural or legal person, business corporation, professional services corporation, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, business trust, association or any other legal commercial entity organized under the laws of this State or of any other state or foreign jurisdiction; "interest" means the ownership or control of more than 10% of the profits or assets of a business entity or 10% of the stock in the case of a business entity that is a corporation for profit, as appropriate; and "State agency" means any of the principal departments in the Executive Branch of the State Government, and any division, board, bureau, office, commission or other instrumentality within or created by such department, the Legislature of the State and any office, board, bureau or commission within or created by the Legislative Branch, and any independent State authority, commission, instrumentality or agency. d. Any business entity that fails to comply with the provisions of this section shall be subject to a fine imposed by the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission in an amount to be determined by the commission which may be based upon the amount that the business entity failed to report. L.2005, c.271, s.2; amended 2007, c.304, s.1; 2023, c.30, s.20. NJSA 19:44A-20.27 Annual disclosure statement, business entities, contributions filed with ELEC; definitions; enforcement 3. a. Any business entity making a contribution of money or any other thing of value, including an in-kind contribution, or pledge to make a contribution of any kind to a candidate for or the holder of any public office having ultimate responsibility for the awarding of public contracts, or to a political committee or continuing political committee, which has received in any calendar year $50,000 or more in the aggregate through agreements or contracts with a public entity, shall file an annual disclosure statement with the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission, established pursuant to section 5 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-5), setting forth all such contributions made by the business entity during the 12 months prior to the reporting deadline. b. The commission shall prescribe forms and procedures for the reporting required in subsection a. of this section which shall include, but not be limited to: (1) the name and mailing address of the business entity making the contribution, and the amount contributed during the 12 months prior to the reporting deadline; (2) the name of the candidate for or the holder of any public office having ultimate responsibility for the awarding of public contracts, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee or continuing political committee receiving the contribution; and (3) the amount of money the business entity received from the public entity through contract or agreement, the dates, and information identifying each contract or agreement and describing the goods, services or equipment provided or property sold. c. The commission shall maintain a list of such reports for public inspection both at its office and through its Internet site. d. When a business entity is a natural person, a contribution by that person's spouse or child, residing therewith, shall be deemed to be a contribution by the business entity. When a business entity is other than a natural person, a contribution by any person or other business entity having an interest therein shall be deemed to be a contribution by the business entity. When a business entity is other than a natural person, a contribution by: all principals, partners, officers, or directors of the business entity, or their spouses; any subsidiaries directly or indirectly controlled by the business entity; or any political organization organized under section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code that is directly or indirectly controlled by the business entity, other than a candidate committee, election fund, or political party committee, shall be deemed to be a contribution by the business entity. As used in this section: "business entity" means a for-profit entity that is a natural or legal person, business corporation, professional services corporation, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, business trust, association or any other legal commercial entity organized under the laws of this State or of any other state or foreign jurisdiction; and "interest" means the ownership or control of more than 10% of the profits or assets of a business entity or 10% of the stock in the case of a business entity that is a corporation for profit, as appropriate. e. Any business entity that fails to comply with the provisions of this section shall be subject to a fine imposed by the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission in an amount to be determined by the commission which may be based upon the amount that the business entity failed to report. L.2005, c.271, s.3; amended 2007, c.304, s.2; 2023, c.30, s.21. NJSA 19:44A-21 Criminal penalties; forfeiture of office 21. a. Any person who purposely and with intent to conceal or misrepresent contributions given or received or expenditures made or incurred to aid or promote the nomination, election or defeat of any candidate for public office or party position, or to aid or promote the passage or defeat of a public question in any election, or to aid the dissemination of political information in connection with any election makes or accepts any contribution or makes or incurs any expenditure in violation of section 7, 11 or 20 of this act is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. b. Any person who purposely files or prepares or assists in the preparation for filing or purposely acquiesces in the preparation or filing of any report required under this act which the person knows is false, inaccurate or incomplete in any material particular; or who purposely fails or refuses to file any such report when required to do so pursuant to the provisions of this act; or who purposely supplies any information which he knows to be false, inaccurate or incomplete to any person preparing or assisting in the preparation of any such report, with the knowledge that such information is intended for the purposes of such report, is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. c. The nomination for or election to any office of any candidate who is guilty of any violation within the description of subsection a. or b. of this section shall be void, and the office shall be filled as required by law in the case of a vacancy; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed in derogation of the constitutional authority of either House of the Legislature to be the judge of the election and qualification of its own members. d. Any individual, partnership, membership organization or other association who or which, directly or through an agent, purposely makes a loan or advance of money or other thing of value in violation of section 11 or section 20 of P.L. 1973, c. 83 (C. 19:44A-11 or C. 19:44A-20) is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. e. Any individual, partnership, membership organization or other association who or which purposely makes a contribution as a result of having been induced to do so through the receipt, promise or offer of a loan or advance of money or other thing of value, the making of which loan or advance would constitute a violation of section 11 or section 20 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-11 or C.19:44A-20), is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. L.1973,c.83,s.21; amended 1993,c.65,s.12. NJSA 19:44A-22 Violations; civil penalties; forfeiture 22. a. (1) Except as provided in subsection e. or f., any person, including any candidate, treasurer, candidate committee or joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee, charged with the responsibility under the terms of this act for the preparation, certification, filing or retention of any reports, records, notices or other documents, who fails, neglects or omits to prepare, certify, file or retain any such report, record, notice or document at the time or during the time period, as the case may be, and in the manner prescribed by law, or who omits or incorrectly states or certifies any of the information required by law to be included in such report, record, notice or document, any person who proposes to undertake or undertakes a public solicitation, testimonial affair or other activity relating to contributions or expenditures in any way regulated by the provisions of this act who fails to comply with those regulatory provisions, and any other person who in any way violates any of the provisions of this act shall, in addition to any other penalty provided by law, be liable to a penalty of not more than $6,000 for the first offense and not more than $12,000 for the second and each subsequent offense. (2)No person shall willfully and intentionally agree with another person to make a contribution to a candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, or legislative leadership committee with the intent, or upon the condition, understanding or belief, that the recipient candidate or committee shall make or have made a contribution to another such candidate or committee, but this paragraph shall not be construed to prohibit a county or municipal committee of a political party from making a contribution or contributions to any candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, or legislative leadership committee. A finding of a violation of this paragraph shall be made only upon clear and convincing evidence. A person who violates the provisions of this paragraph shall be liable to a penalty equal to four times the amount of the contribution which that person agreed to make to the recipient candidate or committee. b.Upon receiving evidence of any violation of this section, the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall have power to hold, or to cause to be held under the provisions of subsection d. of this section, hearings upon such violation and, upon finding any person to have committed such a violation, to assess such penalty, within the limits prescribed in subsection a. of this section, as it deems proper under the circumstances, which penalty shall be paid forthwith into the State Treasury for the general purposes of the State. c.In assessing any penalty under this section, the Election Law Enforcement Commission may provide for the remission of all or any part of such penalty conditioned upon the prompt correction of any failure, neglect, error or omission constituting the violation for which said penalty was assessed. d.The commission may designate a hearing officer to hear complaints of violations of this act. Such hearing officer shall take testimony, compile a record and make factual findings, and shall submit the same to the commission, which shall have power to assess penalties within the limits and under the conditions prescribed in subsections b. and c. of this section. The commission shall review the record and findings of the hearing officer, but it may also seek such additional testimony as it deems necessary. The commission's determination shall be by majority vote of the entire authorized membership thereof. e.Any person who willfully and intentionally makes or accepts any contribution in violation of section 4 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-29) or section 18, 19 or 20 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.3, C.19:44A-11.4 or C.19:44A-11.5), shall be liable to a penalty of: (1)Not more than $10,000 if the cumulative total amount of those contributions is less than or equal to $5,000.00; (2)Not more than $150,000 if the cumulative total amount of those contributions was more than $5,000.00 but less than $75,000; and (3)Not more than $200,000 if the cumulative total amount of those contributions is equal to or more than $75,000.00. f.In addition to any penalty imposed pursuant to subsection e. of this section, a person holding any elective public office shall forfeit that public office if the Election Law Enforcement Commission determines that the cumulative total amount of the illegal contributions was more than $50,000.00 and that the violation had a significant impact on the outcome of the election. g.Any penalty prescribed in this section shall be enforced in a summary proceeding under the "Penalty Enforcement Law of 1999," P.L.1999, c.274 (C.2A:58-10 et seq.). L.1973,c.83,s.22; amended 1983, c.579, s.20; 1993, c.65, s.13; 2004, c.19, s.14; 2004, c.32, s.1. NJSA 19:44A-22.1 Summary action by candidate, injunctive relief 24. If a political committee or continuing political committee, having been established or consisting of members or having received contributions in violation of this act, shall have made any contribution or expenditure in opposition to, or in furtherance of the defeat of, a candidate, that candidate may, in a summary action in the Superior Court, apply for an order directing that political committee or continuing political committee to show cause why the court should not grant such injunctive relief as the candidate may seek. The court shall decide the application within 48 hours of the filing thereof and, upon a proper demonstration of the candidate's entitlement thereto, shall grant appropriate injunctive relief against that political committee or continuing political committee. In addition, the court may order that contributions previously received by the committee shall be deemed to be contributions to the candidate committee or joint candidates committee, as appropriate, of the candidate's opponent in the election for all purposes of section 18 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.3), and shall so advise the Election Law Enforcement Commission. The court may also order that, to the extent that the amounts of such contributions so attributed are, together with other amounts contributed by the same contributors directly to the candidate committee or joint candidates committee, in excess of the amounts of contributions which that candidate committee or joint candidates committee could legally have received directly from those contributors under that section 18, the candidate committee or joint candidates committee of the aggrieved candidate may receive contributions in excess of the amounts of contributions which that candidate committee or joint candidates committee could legally receive under section 18 of that P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-11.3). If the court determines that an application for injunctive relief under this section is frivolous, the court may award costs, including any attorney's fees, to the political committee or continuing committee against which such relief was sought. L.1993,c.65,s.24. NJSA 19:44A-22.2 Findings, declarations relative to campaign advertisements 1. The Legislature finds and declares that: a. in McIntyre v. Ohio, 63 U.S.L.W. 4279 (U.S. April 19, 1995) (No. 93-986), the United States Supreme Court invalidated, on First Amendment grounds, an Ohio statute prohibiting the distribution of campaign materials which did not bear the issuer's name and address; b. nevertheless, this decision recognized that there may be circumstances in which a state's enforcement interest justifies a more limited identification requirement; c. the court noted that in the area of campaign finance, in particular, a more narrowly drawn statute may be permitted; d. prior decisions of the United States Supreme Court have established that regulation of campaign finance may be justified by a state's interest in preventing actual or perceived corruption; and e. because the McIntyre decision calls into question the validity of certain New Jersey statutes requiring disclosures on campaign advertising, there is a need to revise the law so that it is narrowly-tailored to help effectuate the State's compelling interest in preventing corruption in connection with the financing of campaigns for public office. L.1995,c.391,s.1. NJSA 19:44A-22.3 Communications financing, report to Election Law Enforcement Commission; violations, penalties; rules, regulations 2. a. Whenever a candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee, or any group other than such a committee, or any person makes, incurs or authorizes an expenditure for the purpose of financing a communication aiding or promoting the nomination, election or defeat of any candidate or providing political information on any candidate which is an expenditure that the committee, group or person is required to report to the Election Law Enforcement Commission pursuant to P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), the communication shall clearly state the name and business or residence address of the committee, group or person, as that information appears on reports filed with the commission, and that the communication has been financed by that committee, group or person. b. Whenever a candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, independent expenditure committee, political party committee or legislative leadership committee, or any group other than such a committee, or any person makes, incurs or authorizes an expenditure for the purpose of financing a communication aiding the passage or defeat of any public question or providing political information on any public question, or as an independent expenditure in the case of an independent expenditure committee, which is an expenditure that the committee, group or person is required to report to the Election Law Enforcement Commission pursuant to P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), the communication shall clearly state the name and business or residence address of the committee, group or person, as that information appears on reports filed with the commission, and that the communication has been financed by that committee, group or person. c. A communication that is financed by an independent expenditure committee or by any person, not acting in concert with a candidate or any person or committee acting on behalf of a candidate, shall contain a clear and conspicuous statement that the expenditure was not made with the cooperation or prior consent of, or in consultation with or at the request or suggestion of, any such candidate, person or committee. d. Any person who accepts compensation from a committee, group or individual described in subsection a. or b. of this section for the purpose of printing, broadcasting, or otherwise disseminating to the electorate a communication shall require the committee, group, or individual to file a copy of the statement of registration required to be filed with the Election Law Enforcement Commission pursuant to section 21 of P.L.1993, c.65 (C.19:44A-8.1) and shall maintain a record of the transaction which shall include an exact copy of the communication and a statement of the number of copies made or the dates and times that the communication was broadcast or otherwise transmitted, and the name and address of the committee, group or individual paying for the communication. The record shall be maintained on file at the principal office of the person accepting the communication for at least two years and shall be available for public inspection during normal business hours. e. As used in this section, "communication" means a press release, pamphlet, flyer, form letter, sign, billboard, paid advertisement printed in any newspaper or other publication or broadcast on radio or television, or telephone call featuring a recorded message, or any other form of advertising, including Internet and digital advertising, directed to the electorate. f. The provisions of this section shall not be construed to apply to any bona fide news item or editorial contained in any publication of bona fide general circulation. g. (1) A person who violates a provision of this section shall be subject to the civil penalties provided in section 22 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-22). (2) A person who, with intent to injure anyone or to conceal wrongdoing, purposely falsifies, conceals or misrepresents information required by this section to be disclosed or maintained on file is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. h. The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall promulgate rules and regulations pursuant to the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.) to effectuate the purpose of this section. The commission may, by regulation, exempt from the provisions of this section small, tangible items of de minimis value which are commonly used in campaigns to convey a political message, including, but not limited to, buttons, combs, and nail files. The commission may also, by regulation, exempt from the provisions of this section advertising space purchased by a candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee, political party committee, legislative leadership committee or other person, in a political program book distributed at a fund-raising event if the financial transaction is otherwise subject to disclosure. An exemption granted by the commission with respect to any item shall not relieve the committee, group or individual making an expenditure therefor from any applicable campaign finance reporting requirements. In addition, the commission shall have the authority to provide, by regulation, that a communication need not include the address of the committee, group or person financing the communication in circumstances where the name of a committee, group or person would be sufficient to identify it from the commission's records. L.1995, c.391, s.2; amended 2004, c.30; 2019, c.124, s.10; 2023, c.30, s.31. NJSA 19:44A-23 Construction of act This act shall be construed liberally to effectuate the legislative intent and as complete and independent authority for the performance of each and every act and thing herein authorized. L.1973, c. 83, s. 23, eff. April 24, 1973. NJSA 19:44A-24 Supersedure of inconsistent acts All acts and parts of acts, rules and regulations issued thereunder inconsistent in whole or in part with the provisions of this act are to such extent superseded. L.1973, c. 83, s. 24, eff. April 24, 1973. NJSA 19:44A-25 Severability If any section, subsection, paragraph, sentence or other part of this act is adjudged unconstitutional or invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remainder of this act, but shall be confined in its effect to the section, subsection, paragraph, sentence or other part of this act directly involved in the controversy in which said judgment shall have been rendered. L.1973, c. 83, s. 25, eff. April 24, 1973. NJSA 19:44A-26 Repeals The following acts or parts of acts are repealed. a. R.S. 19:3-8, 19:34-36 and 19:34-37. b. Chapters 40, 41, 42, 43 and 44 of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes. c. P.L.1946, c. 152 (C. 19:41-4.1 and 19:41-4.2). L.1973, c. 83, s. 26, eff. April 24, 1973. NJSA 19:44A-27 Public policy 2.It is hereby declared to be a compelling public interest and to be the policy of this State that primary election campaigns for the office of Governor and general election campaigns for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor shall be financed with public support pursuant to the provisions of this act. It is the intention of this act that such financing be adequate in amount so that candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor may conduct their campaigns free from improper influence and so that persons of limited financial means may seek election to the State's highest office. L.1974, c.26, s.2; amended 1980, c.74, s.3; 2009, c.66, s.15. NJSA 19:44A-27.1 Ineligibility of certain candidates for public financing 1. Whenever an individual who formed, assisted in the formation of, or was involved in any way in the management of: an issue advocacy organization organized under section 527 of the federal Internal Revenue Code (26 U.S.C. s.527); an organization organized under paragraph (4) of subsection (c) of section 501 of the federal Internal Revenue Code (26 U.S.C. s.501); or an organization organized under any other current or future section of the federal Internal Revenue Code which the Election Law Enforcement Commission determines is similar to any of the organizations described above; becomes a candidate for the office of Governor or Lieutenant Governor, those candidates shall be ineligible to receive public financing for the candidate's campaign, pursuant to P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-27 et seq.), unless the organization agrees to disclose the name of each of its contributors and the amount of each contribution and expenditure from the date occurring four years prior to the date the individual becomes a candidate for the office of Governor or Lieutenant Governor through the date that the candidate ceases to be a candidate. L.2001, c.20, s.1; amended 2009, c.66, s.16. NJSA 19:44A-27.2 Rules, regulations concerning disclosures and organization 2. The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall adopt rules and regulations: a. to enable an organization described in section 1 of P.L.2001, c.20 (C.19:44A-27.1) to make the required disclosures; and b. to determine, pursuant to section 1 of P.L.2001, c.20 (C.19:44A-27.1), which organizations organized under any other current or future section of the federal Internal Revenue Code are similar to those specifically described in section 1. L.2001,c.20,s.2. NJSA 19:44A-28 Application of act 3. The provisions of this act shall apply to the general election campaign for the office of Governor to be held in November, 1977 and to all subsequent primary election campaigns for the office of Governor and general election campaigns for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, except that the provisions of this act shall not apply to any primary election campaign for the office of Governor or general election campaign for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor for which the Legislature fails to make an appropriation. L.1974, c.26, s.3; amended 1980, c.74, s.4; 2009, c.66, s.17. NJSA 19:44A-29 Contribution limits, gubernatorial elections 4. a. Except in the case of a candidate, as provided in subsection g. of this section, no person, candidate committee or joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee or legislative leadership committee, otherwise eligible to make contributions, shall make any contribution or contributions to a candidate, his campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer, candidate committee, a political party committee, or to any other person or committee, in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor in a primary election or candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in any general election in the aggregate in excess of $4,900, or in the case of a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, in excess of $4,900 per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $4,900 from that candidate. No candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor in a primary election or candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in any general election and no campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer of such candidate or candidates shall knowingly accept from any person, candidate, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee or legislative leadership committee any contribution or contributions in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of such candidate or candidates in the aggregate in excess of $4,900, or in the case of a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, in excess of $4,900 per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $4,900 from that candidate, in any primary or general election. No provision of this act shall be construed to prohibit a contribution or contributions in the aggregate in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of any candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor in a primary election not in excess of $4,900, or in the case of a contribution or contributions by a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, in excess of $4,900 per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $4,900 from that candidate, and another contribution or contributions in the aggregate in the aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of any candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election not in excess of $4,900, or in the case of a contribution or contributions by a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, in excess of $4,900 per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $4,900 from that candidate. For the purpose of determining the amount of a contribution to be attributed as given by each candidate in a joint candidates committee, the amount of the contribution by such a committee shall be divided equally among all the candidates in the committee. b. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1980, c.74.) c. The spouse of any contributor may make a contribution or contributions in the aggregate in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor of up to $4,900. d. No State committee of any political party shall knowingly accept from any person, candidate committee, joint candidates committee, political committee, continuing political committee or legislative leadership committee, any contribution or contributions in the aggregate in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election in excess of $4,900, or in the case of a contribution or contributions by a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, in excess of $4,900 per candidate in the joint candidates committee, or in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, $4,900 from that candidate. A State committee may allocate a contribution of up to $4,900, and up to $4,900 of a contribution in excess of $4,900 in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of such candidates, except that in the case of a contribution from a joint candidates committee when that is the only committee established by the candidates, the amounts which may be so allocated shall be $4,900 per candidate in the joint candidates committee, and in the case of a candidate committee and a joint candidates committee when both are established by a candidate, the amount which may be so allocated shall be $4,900 from that candidate. For the purpose of determining the amount of a contribution to be attributed as given by each candidate in a joint candidates committee, the amount of the contribution by such a committee shall be divided equally among all the candidates in the committee. A State committee shall create an account in a national or State bank in behalf of any candidates the committee intends to or does assist for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election, shall deposit in such account and report to the Election Law Enforcement Commission the name of the contributor of all moneys accepted or allocated in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of such candidates, and may make a contribution or contributions from such account in any amount in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of such candidates. No State committee may make any contribution or contributions in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of such candidates of moneys not deposited in a bank account pursuant to this subsection, and no State committee may make a contribution or contributions in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of such candidates of moneys or other thing of value pledged or received in a calendar year in which no gubernatorial election was held. e. The county committee of a political party in a county and the municipal committees of that political party in the same county may make an expenditure or expenditures in the aggregate of $10,000.00 in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of any candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election. No county committee or municipal committee may transfer or contribute any funds to any such candidate or to such candidates' campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer, or to any political committee supporting such candidates. Candidates or their campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer shall determine the exact amount that individual county committees or municipal committees may contribute in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of such candidates, and shall file a report of such determination with the Election Law Enforcement Commission no later than the seventh day prior to the general election being funded. f. Communications on any subject by a corporation to its stockholders and their families, or by a labor organization to its members and their families, and nonpartisan registration and get-out-the-vote campaigns by a corporation aimed at its stockholders and their families, or by a labor organization aimed at its members and their families, shall not be construed to be in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of a candidate for election to the office of Governor in any primary election or in behalf of candidates for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election. g. No candidate receiving public funds may make expenditures from his own funds, including any contributions from his own funds, in aid of his candidacy for nomination for election to the office of Governor in excess of $25,000.00 for the primary election and in aid of the candidacy of candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in excess of $25,000.00 each for the general election. As used in this subsection "own funds" means funds to which the candidate is legally and beneficially entitled, but shall not include funds as to which he is a trustee, or funds given or otherwise transferred to the candidate by any person other than the spouse of the candidate for use in aid of his candidacy. L.1974, c.26, s.4; amended 1980, c.74, s.5; 1989, c.4, s.5; 1993, c.65, s.14; 2009, c.66, s.18; 2023, c.30, s.22. NJSA 19:44A-29.1 Limits on contributions, expenditures 6. For the purpose of contribution and expenditure limits established pursuant to P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), limits on contributions to and expenditures of the joint candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor shall be considered and treated as contributions to and expenditures of one candidate and those two candidates shall establish only one candidate committee. L.2009, c.66, s.6. NJSA 19:44A-30 Appropriations for fund for election campaign expenses 5. The Legislature shall appropriate to the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission out of the Gubernatorial Elections Fund established pursuant to N.J.S.54A:9-25.1 and available for appropriation from the fund, and, if necessary, out of the General Treasury of the State such sums as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this act, which sums shall constitute a fund for campaign expenses for the primary election to the office of Governor and the general election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, in such amounts or proportions as the Legislature shall direct the appropriation to be distributed between each of the two elections, to be regulated and distributed by the commission pursuant to this act. Upon notice by the commission, the Legislature shall appropriate to the commission out of the General Treasury such additional sums as may be required to carry out the purposes of this act if the sums first appropriated become inadequate. L.1974, c.26, s.5; amended 1980, c.74, s.6; 2009, c.66, s.19. NJSA 19:44A-32 Primary and general election bank accounts of candidates; deposits; expenditures; nonliability of banks 7. a. Each candidate in the primary election to the office of Governor, shall, with the approval of the Election Law Enforcement Commission, create a bank account in a National or State bank. The candidate, his campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer shall deposit promptly into the account all moneys received pursuant to section 4 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-29) and sections 11 and 12 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-11 and 19:44A-12). b.Candidates in the general election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor shall, with the approval of the Election Law Enforcement Commission, create an account in a National or State bank. The candidates, their campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer shall deposit promptly into the account all moneys received for the purpose of the election, provided that the moneys are received pursuant to section 4 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-29) and sections 11 and 12 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-11 and 19:44A-12). c.Immediately after deposit in the bank account the candidates or their campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer may transfer or expend the moneys, except that no moneys deposited in a gubernatorial candidate's bank account for the primary election may be expended for any general election expenses for candidates for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, and except that no moneys deposited in the candidates' bank account for the general election may be transferred or expended until the day following the primary election or may be expended for primary election expenses. d.No State or National bank which acts as a depository for election funds as provided in this act shall be held accountable for the proper application of funds withdrawn, transferred or expended from such accounts by the person or persons in whose name or names the accounts are opened or maintained, nor shall the State or National bank be under any duty to determine whether the funds deposited in the account are withdrawn, transferred or expended for the purposes and at the time or times prescribed by law, or are received from sources and in amounts prescribed or limited by law. L.1974, c.26, s.7; amended 1980, c.74, s.7; 2009, c.66, s.20. NJSA 19:44A-33 Public funding 8. a. The campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer of any qualified candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor in a primary election upon application to the commission shall promptly receive in behalf of the qualified candidate from the fund for election campaign expenses, but not prior to January 1 of the year of the election, moneys in an amount equal to twice the amount of no more than $4,900 of each contribution deposited in the qualified candidate's primary election bank account described in section 7 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-32), except that no payment shall be made from the fund to any candidate for the first $156,000 deposited in the qualified candidate's bank account. The maximum amount which any qualified candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor in a primary election may receive from the fund for election campaign expenses shall not exceed $4,600,000. Applications for payments and payments under this subsection following the date on which a candidate is determined to be a qualified candidate shall be made only on the basis of no less than $12,500.00 of such contributions. b. The campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer of any qualified candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election upon application to the commission shall promptly receive in behalf of such qualified candidates from the fund for election campaign expenses, but not prior to the primary election, moneys in an amount equal to twice the amount of no more than $4,900 of each contribution deposited in such qualified candidates' bank account described in section 7 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-32), except that no payment shall be made from the fund to any candidates for the first $156,000 deposited in such qualified candidates' bank account. The maximum amount which any qualified candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor in a general election may receive from the fund for election campaign expenses shall not exceed $10,500,000. Applications for payments and payments under this subsection following the date on which joint candidates are determined to be qualified candidates shall be made only on the basis of no less than $12,500.00 of such contributions. L.1974, c.26, s.8; amended 1980, c.74, s.8; 1989, c.4, s.6; 2009, c.66, s.21; 2023, c.30, s.23. NJSA 19:44A-33.1 Substituted candidates for nomination for Governor, eligibility as qualified candidate 5. In the event that a certificate provided for in R.S.19:23-12 is filed for a candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor, the candidate nominated in the certificate shall: (a) be given, on an accelerated basis determined by the Election Law Enforcement Commission, the opportunity to become a qualified candidate as defined in subsection m. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c. 83 (C.19:44A-3) for the primary election; (b) if the candidate so nominated becomes a qualified candidate, be eligible to receive the maximum amount from the fund for election campaign expenses, as provided by law, which any other qualified candidate may be eligible to receive for the primary election pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33), regardless of the amount from that fund received and expended by the candidate for whom the substitution has been made; (c) participate in the gubernatorial primary election debates held pursuant to sections 9 through 11 of P.L.1989, c.4 (C.19:44A-45 et seq.); and (d) fulfill any of the other responsibilities required of a qualified candidate, as provided for in P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-27 et al.) or any other applicable rule or regulation derived therefrom. The candidate for whom the substitution was made by the certificate of nomination to fill the vacancy shall pay into the fund for election campaign expenses moneys received from the fund and not otherwise used to pay expenses which were incurred for the purposes permitted during the election campaign. L.2001,c.73,s.5. NJSA 19:44A-34 Separate bank accounts for other funds; disposition of contributions of political committees a. No contribution which must be or is intended by the contributor or the recipient to be refunded or repaid at any time, no loan obtained pursuant to section 19 of P.L.1974, c. 26 (C. 19:44A-44), no amount of the candidate's own funds in the aggregate in excess of $800.00, and no other moneys received by the candidate, his campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer, except those contributions described in subsections a. and b. of section 4 of P.L.1974, c. 26 (C. 19:44A-29), shall be deposited into any candidate's primary election and general election bank accounts described in section 7 of P.L.1974, c. 26 (C. 19:44A-32), but shall be deposited in separate bank accounts from which expenditures for the respective campaigns may be made. b. No contribution by any county committee or municipal committee of any political party shall be deposited into any candidate's bank accounts. A State committee may forward to a candidate and have deposited into the candidate's general election bank account described in section 7 of P.L.1974, c. 26 (C. 19:44A-32) money in aid of the candidacy of or in behalf of such candidate received pursuant to section 4 of P.L.1974, c. 26 (C. 19:44A-29) and sections 11 and 12 of P.L.1973, c. 83 (C. 19:44A-11 and 19:44A-12). L.1974, c. 26, s. 9, eff. May 6, 1974. Amended by L.1980, c. 74, s. 9, eff. July 23, 1980. NJSA 19:44A-35 Expenditures from fund for election campaign expenses; rules and regulations; purposes; return of unexpended funds a. All expenditures from the fund for election campaign expenses shall be made pursuant to rules and regulations of the Election Law Enforcement Commission and shall be strictly limited to the following purposes: (1) Purchase of time on radio and television stations; (2) Purchase of rental space on outdoor signs or billboards; (3) Purchase of advertising space in newspapers and regularly published magazines and periodicals; (4) Payment of the cost of producing the material aired or displayed on radio, television, outdoor signs or billboards, and in newspapers, regularly published magazines and periodicals; (5) Payment of the cost of printing and mailing campaign literature and brochures distributed under the name of any qualified candidate; (6) Payment of the cost of legal and accounting expenses incurred in complying with the public financing regulations of the Election Law Enforcement Commission and with the public financing provisions of P.L.1974, c. 26 (C. 19:44A-27 et seq.); (7) Payment of the cost of telephone deposits, and installation charges and monthly billings in excess of deposits. Within 6 months after the primary and general elections, respectively, a candidate shall return to the fund the amount of any public funds used to pay such telephone deposits which are later returned. b. The limitations in subsection a. of this section upon expenditures from the fund for election campaign expenses shall not apply to expenditures of private contributions, whether or not such private contributions were deposited in a candidate's bank accounts pursuant to section 7 of P.L.1974, c. 26 (C. 19:44A-32). c. Moneys received by a qualified candidate from the fund for election campaign expenses may be retained for a period not exceeding 6 months after the election for which such moneys were received in order to liquidate all obligations to pay expenses for the purposes permitted by this section which were incurred during the election campaign. All obligations having been liquidated, all moneys remaining available to any qualified candidate, shall be paid into the fund, except that no candidate shall pay into the fund moneys in excess of moneys received from the fund. L.1974, c. 26, s. 10, eff. May 6, 1974. Amended by L.1980, c. 74, s. 10, eff. July 23, 1980. NJSA 19:44A-36 Funds considered "spend in aid of the candidacy of any candidate or candidates" 11. Moneys received by any qualified candidate or candidates from the fund for election campaign expenses are to be considered "spent in aid of the candidacy of any candidate or candidates" for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor for the purpose of section 7 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-7). The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall not withdraw from the fund for election campaign expenses any sum, which results in a candidate's exceeding the limitations of that section. L.1974, c.26, s.11; amended 1980, c.74, s.11; 2009, c.66, s.22. NJSA 19:44A-37 Statements from gubernatorial candidates; printing and mailing with sample ballot 12. The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall, on or before the forty-fifth day prior to the date on which the general election is to be held, supply each county clerk with the text of statements from each candidate for election to the office of Governor. Each candidate for the office of Governor who wishes a statement to be posted on the county clerk's website on his behalf shall submit to the commission, on forms provided by it, his proposed statement which shall not exceed 500 words in length. Each county clerk shall cause the statements submitted by all such candidates to be posted on the county clerk's website in a conspicuous location and available as a hardcopy upon request, with a short explanation prepared by the commission that such statements are provided pursuant to this law to assist the voters of this State in making their determination among the candidates for the office of Governor. The statements shall also be posted in a conspicuous location on the websites of the Division of Elections and the Election Law Enforcement Commission. The sample ballot shall note that gubernatorial statements are available upon request to the county clerk, on the county clerk's website and the websites of the Division of Elections and the Election Law Enforcement Commission. The cost of posting such statements shall be paid for by the counties; except that any cost to the counties resulting from the posting of such statements shall be reimbursed from State funds appropriated to the commission for that purpose on claim therefor made by the county clerk to the commission. L.1974, c.26, s.12; amended 1980, c.74, s.12; 2017, c.177. NJSA 19:44A-38 Rules and regulations The Election Law Enforcement Commission may adopt such rules and regulations as may be required to implement the provisions of this act and to carry out its purpose. L.1974, c. 26, s. 13, eff. May 6, 1974. NJSA 19:44A-40 Violations; misdemeanor; forfeiture of office a. Any person who willfully and knowingly violates section 4, 9 or 10 of P.L.1974, c. 26 or section 17 of P.L.1980, c. 74 (C. 19:44A-18.1) is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. b. The election to office of any candidate who is guilty of any violation within the description of subsection a. of this section shall be void, and the office shall be filled as required by law in the case of a vacancy; provided, however, that nothing herein contained shall be construed in derogation of the constitutional authority of either House of the Legislature to be the judge of the election and qualification of its own members. L.1974, c. 26, s. 15, eff. May 6, 1974. Amended by L.1980, c. 74, s. 14, eff. July 23, 1980; L.1981, c. 511, s. 13, eff. Jan. 12, 1982. NJSA 19:44A-41 Violations; fines; hearings; assessment of penalty a. Any person who willfully and knowingly violates sections 4, 6, 9, 10 or 19 of this act shall in addition to any other penalty provided by law, be liable to a penalty of not more than $1,000.00 for the first offense and not more than $2,000.00 for the second and each subsequent offense. b. Upon receiving evidence of any violation of sections 4, 6, 9, 10 or 19 of this act, the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall have power to hold, or to cause to be held under the provisions of subsection d. of this section, hearings upon such violation and, upon finding any person to have committed such a violation, to assess such penalty, within the limits prescribed in subsection a. of this section, as it deems proper under the circumstances, which penalty shall be paid forthwith into the State Treasury for the general purposes of the State. Such penalty shall be enforceable in a summary proceeding under the "Penalty Enforcement Law" (N.J.S. 2A:58-1 et seq.). c. In assessing any penalty under this section, the Election Law Enforcement Commission may provide for the remission of all or any part of such penalty conditioned upon the prompt correction of any failure, neglect, error or omission constituting the violation for which said penalty was assessed. d. The commission may designate a hearing officer to hear complaints of violations of this act. Such hearing officer shall take testimony, compile a record and make factual findings, and shall submit the same to the commission, which shall have power to assess penalties within the limits and under the conditions prescribed in subsection b. of this section. The commission shall review the record and findings of the hearing officer, but it may also seek such additional testimony as it deems necessary. The commission's determination shall be by majority vote of the entire authorized membership thereof. L.1974, c. 26, s. 16, eff. May 6, 1974. NJSA 19:44A-42 Liberal construction of act The provisions of this act shall be construed liberally and applied so as to promote the purposes expressed herein. L.1974, c. 26, s. 17, eff. May 6, 1974. NJSA 19:44A-43 Severability If any section, subsection, paragraph, sentence or other part of this act is adjudged unconstitutional or invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remainder of this act, but shall be confined in its effect to the section, subsection, paragraph, sentence or other part of this act directly involved in the controversy in which said judgment shall have been rendered. L.1974, c. 26, s. 18, eff. May 6, 1974. NJSA 19:44A-44 Borrowing by candidates 19. Notwithstanding any provision of this act, any candidate in a primary election for the office of Governor, or his campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer, or any candidate in a general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, or the campaign treasurer or deputy treasurer thereof may borrow funds from any national or State bank. No person or political committee, other than the candidates or the State committee of any political party in a general election, may in any way endorse or guarantee such loan in an amount in the aggregate in excess of $1,500.00. The endorsement shall constitute a contribution for so long as the loan is outstanding. The amount borrowed by any such candidates or their campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer shall in the aggregate not exceed $50,000.00 and must be repaid in full by such candidate or the campaign treasurer or deputy campaign treasurer from moneys accepted or allocated pursuant to section 4 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-29) 20 days prior to the date of the primary or general election for which the loan was made, and certification of such repayment shall be made by the borrower to the Election Law Enforcement Commission in accordance with commission regulations. Upon the failure of the borrower to repay the full amount borrowed on or before the 20th day prior to the date of the primary election for the office of Governor or general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, or to certify such repayment to the Election Law Enforcement Commission as required herein, all payments of moneys to such candidates from the fund for election campaign expenses pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33) shall promptly cease; and the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall forthwith seek and may obtain in a summary action in the Superior Court an injunction prohibiting the expenditure by any such candidate or candidates of any moneys received at any time from the fund for election campaign expenses pursuant to said section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33), and any other moneys received in aid of or in behalf of the candidates in said election. L.1974, c.26, s.19; amended 1980, c.74, s.15; 1989, c.4, s.7; 2009, c.66, s.24. NJSA 19:44A-45 Interactive debates 9. a. In any year in which a primary election is to be held to nominate candidates for the office of Governor, there shall be held among the several candidates for each such nomination a series of interactive gubernatorial primary debates, in which all "qualified candidates," as defined by paragraph (3) or paragraph (4) of subsection m. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3), for that nomination who have applied or who intend to apply to receive money for election campaign expenses under subsection a. of section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33) shall participate, and in which any other candidate for that nomination who has deposited and expended the amount necessary, under paragraph (3) or paragraph (4) of subsection m. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3), to be deemed a "qualified candidate" may elect to participate, provided that other candidate notifies the Election Law Enforcement Commission of the candidate's intent to so participate within the time allowed under those paragraphs for such notification to be made by candidates wishing to become qualified candidates; except that in any year in which no such candidate or only one such candidate for that nomination is required or elects to participate, no gubernatorial primary debate shall be required to be held under this subsection. b.In any year in which a general election is to be held for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, there shall be held a series of interactive gubernatorial election debates, in which all "qualified candidates," as defined by paragraph (1) or paragraph (2) of subsection m. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3), for election to those offices who have applied or who intend to apply to receive money for election campaign expenses under subsection b. of section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33) shall participate, and in which any other candidates for election to those offices who have deposited and expended the amount necessary, under paragraph (1) or paragraph (2) of subsection m. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-3), to be deemed a "qualified candidate" may elect to participate, provided those other candidates notify the Election Law Enforcement Commission of the candidates' intent to so participate within the time allowed under those paragraphs for such notification to be made by candidates wishing to become qualified candidates; except that in any gubernatorial election year in which only one pair of candidates, or no candidates for election to the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor are required or elect to participate, no gubernatorial election debate shall be required to be held under this subsection. L.1989, c.4, s.9; amended 2009, c.66, s.25. NJSA 19:44A-46 Number of debates; timing, sponsorship 10. a. The series of gubernatorial primary debates under subsection a. of section 9 of P.L.1989, c.4 (C.19:44A-45) shall consist of two debates. Each of the debates shall be of at least one hour's duration. The first debate in the series shall occur not earlier than the date on which the ballot for the primary election in which candidates are to be nominated for election to the office of Governor is finally certified by the Secretary of State to the clerks of the several counties, and the second debate in the series shall occur not later than the 11th day prior to the primary election to select candidates for that office unless an emergency, as determined by the vote of a majority of the participating candidates, requires the postponement thereof, but the second gubernatorial primary debate shall in no event be held later than the second day preceding that primary election. b.The series of gubernatorial election debates under subsection b. of section 9 of P.L.1989, c.4 (C.19:44A-45) shall consist of three debates, two for candidates seeking the office of Governor and one for candidates seeking the office of Lieutenant Governor. The debate for candidates seeking the office of Lieutenant Governor shall be the second of the three debates. Each of the gubernatorial election debates shall be of at least one hour's duration. The first debate in the series shall occur not earlier than the third Tuesday following the first Monday in September of the year in which a general election is to be held for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, and the third debate in the series shall occur not later than the 11th day prior to the general election for that office unless an emergency, as determined by the vote of a majority of the participating candidates, requires the postponement thereof, but the final gubernatorial election debate shall in no event be held later than the second day preceding that general election. c.Organizations which are not affiliated with any political party or with any holder of or candidate for public office, which have not endorsed any candidate in the pending primary or general election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, shall be eligible to sponsor one or more interactive gubernatorial primary debates or interactive gubernatorial election debates under subsection a. or subsection b., respectively, of this section. In addition, any association of two or more separately owned news publications or broadcasting outlets, including newspapers, radio stations or networks, and television stations or networks, having between or among them a substantial readership or audience in this State, and any association of print or broadcast news or press service correspondents having among them a substantial readership or audience in this State, shall be eligible to sponsor any such gubernatorial primary or gubernatorial election debate, without regard to whether that association or any of its members shall previously have sponsored any debate among candidates for Statewide office. The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall accept applications from eligible organizations and eligible associations of news publications and broadcasting outlets or news or press service correspondents to sponsor one or more of those interactive gubernatorial debates. Applications to sponsor debates under subsection a. shall be submitted to the commission no later than March 15 of any year in which a primary election is to be held to nominate candidates for the office of Governor, and applications to sponsor debates under subsection b. shall be submitted to the commission no later than July 1 of any year in which a general election is to be held to fill the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor. Where the number of eligible applicants to sponsor gubernatorial primary debates or gubernatorial election debates exceeds the number prescribed under subsection a. or subsection b. of this section, respectively, the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall select the sponsors from among the applicants within 30 days of the last day for submitting those applications, as provided by this subsection. To the maximum extent practicable and feasible, the commission shall select a different sponsor for each of the interactive gubernatorial debates, but shall not be precluded from selecting the same sponsor for more than one debate. The sponsors selected by the commission shall be responsible for selecting the date, time and location of the debates, subject to the limitations set forth in this section. The rules for conducting each debate shall be solely the responsibility of the sponsors so selected, but shall not be made final without consultation with both the chairman of the New Jersey Republican State Committee and the chairman of the New Jersey Democratic State Committee in the case of gubernatorial primary debates, and with a representative designated by each of the participating candidates in the case of gubernatorial election debates. L.1989, c.4, s.10; amended 1991, c.317; 2009, c.66, s.26. NJSA 19:44A-47 Repayment by debate non-participant 11. The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall have the power and duty, upon receipt of a complaint against a candidate for nomination for election for the office of Governor or for election for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor who is required to participate in gubernatorial primary debates or gubernatorial election debates, respectively, to hold a hearing to determine whether that candidate has failed to participate in such debates. If, at the conclusion of a hearing under this section, the commission determines by majority vote that a candidate required to participate under section 10 of this 1989 amendatory and supplementary act has failed to do so, the chairman shall immediately inform the candidate in writing of that determination, identifying in that writing the date and circumstances of the failure. If, after having found that a candidate required to participate in a gubernatorial primary or gubernatorial election debate has failed to do so, the commission further finds that the failure occurred under circumstances which were beyond the control of the candidate and of such a nature that a reasonable person, taking into account the purposes of this act and the relevant facts of the case, would find the failure justifiable or excusable, then the candidate shall not be subject to any penalty or liability for his failure to participate. The candidate charged with the failure to participate shall have the burden of showing justification or excuse. The campaign of any candidate or former candidate who shall have been required to participate in a gubernatorial primary debate or gubernatorial election debate under this 1989 amendatory and supplementary act, but who shall have been found to have failed to do so without reasonable justification or excuse, shall be liable for return of moneys previously received for use by the candidate to pay primary election campaign expenses or general election campaign expenses, respectively. In the case of a candidate for election to the office of Lieutenant Governor who is found to have failed to participate in a gubernatorial election debate, the candidate for election to the office of Governor shall jointly be liable for return of one half of the moneys previously received for use by the joint candidates to pay general election expenses. The commission shall determine the total amount of moneys for election campaign expenses in that year by the commission to the candidate or candidates under subsection a. or subsection b. of section 8 of P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-33), as appropriate, and shall notify the campaign treasurer or the deputy campaign treasurer of the candidate or candidates of the liability of the campaign of the candidate or candidates, as of the date of the notice, for the repayment of those moneys plus interest on the unpaid amount of that liability from that date at the rate of 1% for each month or fractional part of a month during which that amount remains unpaid. L.1989, c.4, s.11; amended 2009, c.66, s.27. NJSA 19:44B-1 Definitions 1. a. " Gift " means any money or thing of value received other than as income, and for which a consideration of equal or greater value is not received, but does not include any political contribution reported as otherwise required by law, any loan made in the ordinary course of business, or any devise, bequest, intestate estate distribution or principal distribution of a trust or gift received from a member of a person's household or from a relative within the third degree of consanguinity of the person or his spouse, or from the spouse of that relative; b." Income " means any money or thing of value received, or to be received, as a claim on future services, whether in the form of a fee, expense, allowance, forbearance, forgiveness, interest, dividend, royalty, rent, capital gain, or any other form of recompense, or any combination thereof; c." Member of household " means the spouse of a candidate for the office of Governor or Lieutenant Governor or of a candidate for the Senate or General Assembly residing in the same domicile and any dependent children. L.1981, c.129, s.1; amended 2009, c.66, s.28. NJSA 19:44B-2 Financial disclosure statement; filing and certification 2. a. Every candidate for the office of Governor and every candidate for the Senate or General Assembly shall file and certify the correctness of a financial disclosure statement on or before the tenth day following the last day for filing a petition to appear on the ballot, and the financial disclosure statement shall be filed with the Election Law Enforcement Commission in the Department of Law and Public Safety. b.Every candidate for the office of Lieutenant Governor shall file and certify the correctness of a financial disclosure statement on or before the 30th day following the day such candidate is selected by the candidate for the office of Governor of the same political party, and the financial disclosure statement shall be filed with the commission. L.1981, c.129, s.2; amended 2009, c.66, s.29. NJSA 19:44B-3 Forms; preparation; transmittal to candidates 3.The commission shall prepare and transmit to each candidate for the office of Governor and the office of Lieutenant Governor and to each candidate for the Senate or General Assembly forms for the filing of financial disclosure statements required by this act. L.1981, c.129, s.3; amended 2009, c.66, s.3 NJSA 19:44B-4 Contents Financial disclosure statements shall include the sources of income received from sources other than the State during the preceding calendar year by the candidate and members of his household. Without disclosing the amounts of income, gifts, reimbursements, and holdings, the statements shall include the following: a. Each of the following categories of earned income totalling more than $1,000.00: salaries, bonuses, royalties, fees, commissions and profit sharing received as an officer, employee, partner or consultant of a named corporation, professional association, partnership or sole proprietorship; b. Each of the following categories of unearned income totalling more than $1,000.00: rents, dividends and other income received from named investments, trusts and estates; c. Fees and honorariums totalling more than $100.00 received from named payers for personal appearances, speeches or writings; d. Reimbursements totalling more than $100.00 for travel, subsistence or facilities provided in kind received from named payers or providers other than the State, any political subdivision thereof, a principal employer, or a nonprofit organization; e. Gifts having a value totalling more than $250.00 received from named donors; and f. Ownership, holding, or control of an interest in any land or building in any city in which casino gambling is authorized, which land or building shall be specified. L.1981, c. 129, s. 4, eff. May 1, 1981. NJSA 19:44B-5 Notice to commission of candidates by Secretary of State 5.Upon receipt from any person of a declaration of candidacy or a petition to appear on the ballot for election as Governor or as Lieutenant Governor, or as a member of the Legislature, the Secretary of State shall, within 2 days of the receipt, notify the commission of the name and address of the candidate and the date of the receipt. L.1981, c.129, c.5; amended 2009, c.66, s.31. NJSA 19:44B-6 Willful and knowledgeable failure to file or filing false statement; penalty a. A candidate who willfully and knowingly fails or refuses to file a financial disclosure statement on a date prior to the election for which he has filed a declaration of candidacy or a petition to appear on the ballot shall be guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. b. A candidate who willfully and knowingly files any financial disclosure statement which is false, inaccurate or incomplete in any substantial and material manner or particular, shall be guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. L.1981, c. 129, s. 6, eff. May 1, 1981. NJSA 19:44B-7 Powers and duties of commission It shall be the duty of the commission to investigate and conduct hearings with regard to possible violations and impose penalties, to issue subpenas for the production of documents and the attendance of witnesses, and to enforce the provisions of this act in the manner set forth in "The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act," P.L.1973, c. 83 (C. 19:44A-1 et seq.). The commission shall have the authority to initiate a civil action in the Superior Court of New Jersey or in any court of competent jurisdiction for the purpose of enforcing compliance with the provisions of this act or enjoining violations thereof or recovering any penalty prescribed by this act. The commission shall promulgate such regulations and official forms and perform such duties as are necessary to implement the provisions of this act. L.1981, c. 129, s. 7, eff. May 1, 1981. NJSA 19:44B-8 Candidate with responsibility for filing reports or documents; failure to file or omission in or incorrect statement; penalty; hearings; enforcement a. Any candidate charged with the responsibility under the terms of this act for the filing of any reports or other documents required to be filed pursuant to this act who fails, neglects or omits to file any such report or document at the time and in the manner prescribed by law, or who omits or incorrectly states any of the information required by law to be included in such report or document, shall, in addition to any other penalty provided by law, be liable to a penalty of not more than $1,000.00 for the first offense and not more than $2,000.00 for the second and each subsequent offense. b. Upon receiving evidence of any violation of this section, the Election Law Enforcement Commission shall have power to hold, or to cause to be held, hearings upon such violation and, upon finding any person to have committed such a violation, to assess such penalty, within the limits prescribed in subsection a. of this section, as it deems proper under the circumstance which penalty shall be paid forthwith into the State Treasury for the general purposes of the State. Such penalty shall be enforceable in a summary proceeding under the "Penalty Enforcement Law" (N.J.S. 2A:58-1 et seq.). c. In assessing any penalty under this section, the Election Law Enforcement Commission may provide for the remission of all or any part of the penalty conditioned upon the prompt correction of any failure, neglect, error or omission constituting the violation for which the penalty was assessed, provided the correction is made on a date prior to the election for which the candidate has filed a declaration of candidacy or petition to appear on the ballot. L.1981, c. 129, s. 8, eff. May 1, 1981. NJSA 19:44B-9 Financial disclosure statements as public records Financial disclosure statements required to be filed pursuant to this act shall be public records. The commission shall make the statements available to any person upon written request. The statements shall be available for examination and copying during the normal business hours of the commission. No fee shall be charged for the inspection of the statements, but a fee, equal to the cost of copying, may be charged for the use of equipment to copy the statements and a reasonable charge may be imposed for the performance of copying services by personnel of the commission when the person desiring copies requests that assistance. L.1981, c. 129, s. 9, eff. May 1, 1981. NJSA 19:44B-10 Use in investigations and production in evidence A financial disclosure statement filed pursuant to this act may be used by the commission in the course of its investigation of any alleged violation of provisions of this act and may be produced as evidence in any hearing conducted by the commission concerning a violation. L.1981, c. 129, s. 10, eff. May 1, 1981. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:45 NJSA 19:45-1 Payable by state and political subdivisions All general elections, special elections, municipal elections, primary elections for general elections and primary elections for delegates and alternates to national conventions held in the state or in any of its political subdivisions shall be conducted at the expense of the state or its political subdivisions. NJSA 19:45-1.1 State to pay all expenses Notwithstanding the provisions in chapter 45 of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes to the contrary, the State shall pay all expenses incurred by any of its political subdivisions in connection with any special election held for the purpose of filling a vacancy occurring in the Senate or General Assembly. When such a special election has been held, the Secretary of State shall notify all affected political subdivisions that the State shall pay all expenses incurred in connection with that election. L. 1981, c.429, s. 7; amended by L. 1987, c. 253, s. 1. NJSA 19:45-2 Expenses borne by State All costs, charges and expenses incurred by the State Board of Canvassers, Secretary of State or any other officer or official of the State government in carrying out any provisions of this Title shall be paid by the State. Amended by L. 1987, c. 151, s. 1. NJSA 19:45-3 Expenditures by attorney general to prosecute violations of title The attorney general is hereby authorized to expend annually, under the direction and with the approval of the governor, a sum not exceeding twenty-five thousand dollars, for the purpose of securing evidence of violations of this title and assisting in the prosecution of such violations, when such sum shall be regularly appropriated in any annual or supplemental appropriation bill. NJSA 19:45-4 County's expenses All costs, charges and expenses incurred by the county clerk, county board, commissioner, superintendent, or any other officer or official of a county in carrying out the provisions of this title and the salaries of the members of the county board, commissioner, superintendent, salaries and compensation for extra service of the clerk and other employees of the county board and the compensation of the members of the district boards, except as herein otherwise provided, shall be paid by the county upon certification by the county clerk, county board, commissioner, superintendent or other county officer or official; but the board of chosen freeholders of any county, to facilitate the prompt payment of the compensation of members of district boards and the rental of polling places, is authorized to pay to the several municipal clerks in the county one payment for the gross amount due for such compensation and rentals in the municipality and direct the municipal clerks to pay the individual amounts due the members of the district boards and the lessors of the polling places in the municipality upon the proper certification of the county board. Where any municipality may provide voting machines there shall be paid by the county to such municipality the difference between the costs, charges and expenses incurred and the costs, charges and expenses which would have been incurred had such voting machines not been provided by such municipality, including the saving in rental of polling places and in compensation paid to members of district boards resulting from consolidation of or reduction in number of election districts, and including the saving resulting from the payment of a lesser rate of compensation to members of district boards where such machines are provided by the municipality. NJSA 19:45-5 Municipality's expenses All costs, charges and expenses incurred by the municipal clerk or any other officer or official of a municipality in carrying out the provisions of this title shall be paid by such municipality except as herein otherwise provided. Where any election is held in and for a municipality only, all costs, charges and expenses, including the compensation of the members of the district boards of the municipality and the compensation and expenses of the county board and the clerk thereof, for such elections, shall be paid by the municipality. NJSA 19:45-6 Members of district boards; compensation 19:45-6. The compensation of each member of the district boards for all services performed by them under the provisions of this Title shall be as follows: In all counties, for all services rendered including the counting of the votes, and in counties wherein voting machines are used, the tabulation of the votes registered on the voting machines, and the delivery of the returns, registry binders, ballot boxes and keys for the voting machines to the proper election officials, $300 each time the primary election, the general election or any special election is held under this Title; provided, however, that: a. (1) The member of the board charged with the duty of obtaining and signing for the signature copy registers shall receive an additional $12.50 per election, such remuneration being limited to only one board member per election, or $6.25 to each of two board members if they share such responsibility for the signature copy registers, and (2) the member of the board charged with the duty of returning the signature copy registers shall receive an additional $12.50 per election, such remuneration being limited to only one board member per election, or $6.25 to each of two board members if they share such responsibility for the signature copy registers; b. In the case of any member of the board who is required under R.S.19:50-1 to attend in a given year a training program for district board members, but who fails to attend such a training program in that year, that compensation shall be commensurate with the State minimum wage for each of those elections; c. In counties wherein voting machines are used no compensation shall be paid for any services rendered at any special election held at the same time as any primary or general election. Such compensation shall be in lieu of all other fees and payments; and d. Compensation for district board members serving at a school election held at a time other than the time of the general election shall be paid by the board of education of the school district conducting the election at an hourly rate commensurate with the State minimum wage, except that the board of education may compensate such district board members at a pro-rated hourly rate consistent with the daily rate up to a maximum of $21.43. The provisions of subsections a., b., and c. of this section shall also apply to district board members serving at a school election held at a time other than at the time of the general election, except that in the case of subsection b., the compensation shall be at an hourly rate commensurate with the State minimum wage. In addition to the $300 compensation provided pursuant to this section to each member of a district board for each time the primary election, the general election, or any special election is held under this Title, a county may provide, at its discretion, additional compensation to the members of all district boards in such county in an amount determined by the county, and the additional compensation shall be an expense of the county. Compensation due each member shall be paid within 30 days but not within 20 days after each election; provided, however, that no compensation shall be paid to any member of any such district board who may have been removed from office or application for the removal of whom is pending under the provisions of R.S.19:6-4. In addition to the provisions of this section, in the case of any member of the board who is required under R.S.19:50-1 to attend in a given year a training program for district board members, a county may provide, at its discretion, compensation to such a member who attends the training program in an amount determined by the county, and the compensation shall be an expense of the county. amended 1941, c.275, s.9; 1944, c.152; 1946, c.261, s.8; 1952, c.97; 1953, c.88; 1954, c.15; 1955, c.33; 1960, c.128; 1972, c.155; 1980, c.111; 1984, c.9; 1987, c.151, s.2; 1995, c.193, s.1; 1995, c.278, s.21; 1997, c.48; 2001, c.15; 2001, c.245, s.9; 2005, c.136, s.48; 2011, c.134, s.45; 2011, c.202, s.32; 2022, c.5, s.1. NJSA 19:45-6.1 Voucher for compensation A voucher for compensation for services rendered by members of any district board of elections in this State for performing any of the services mentioned in section 19:45-6 of the Revised Statutes shall be submitted to the respective county boards of elections on a form prepared by said county boards of elections. This form shall contain a written declaration to be signed by the individual members of the district board of elections, in lieu of any requirement elsewhere for an oath or affirmation, in which such district board members shall state "I hereby declare under the penalties for false swearing that this voucher is for services performed by me for the election herein mentioned and to the best of my knowledge and belief is true, correct and complete." Any individual who willfully makes and subscribes any such voucher which he or she does not believe to be true and correct as to every material matter shall be guilty of a misdemeanor. Upon certification by the county board of elections as correct such vouchers shall be paid by the county treasurer in the manner provided in section 19:45-4 et seq. of the Revised Statutes. L.1952, c. 62, p. 384, s. 1. NJSA 19:45-6.2 Reimbursement to county from State for certain costs 6. In accordance with the provisions of Art.VIII, Sec.II, par.5 of the Constitution, upon application for reimbursement by a county governing body to the Secretary of State and approval of the application by the Director of the Division of Budget and Accounting, a county shall be reimbursed by the State for: a. compensation to each member of the district board of elections who shall have served at the general election, the primary election, and any nonpartisan municipal, special, or recall election, and who shall have qualified for and been paid $300 for such service in accordance with R.S.19:45-6, the sum of $225; and b. any additional costs incurred by the county as a result of the provisions of this act, P.L.2001, c.245. L.2001,c.245,s.6; amended 2022, c.5, s.2. NJSA 19:45-7 Members of county boards; commissioner of registration; compensation The compensation of the members of the several county boards shall be no less than the minimum salary and no more than the maximum salary as follows: County Population - Minimum Salary - Maximum Salary Over 550,000 - $8,700 - $17,600 300,000 to 550,000 - $6,000 - $15,000 150,000 to 300,000 - $4,500 - $12,000 120,000 to 150,000 - $3,700 - $11,000 Under 120,000 - $3,200 - $10,500 provided, however, that any increases herein granted shall be effected only upon the approval of the governing body in the county affected. The compensation fixed and determined under any of the foregoing classifications shall include all services rendered by any county board in conducting all elections, and in connection with any recount or recheck after any such election. The members of the county board in counties other than counties of the first class and in counties of the first class not having a superintendent of elections who shall be elected as chairman and secretary thereof and who shall perform the duties of chairman and secretary thereof shall each receive an additional compensation of one-half of the compensation of the individual members of the board. The commissioner of registration in a county of the first class having a superintendent of elections shall receive such salary per annum as the governing body of such county may by resolution authorize, but not less than $10,000, for services performed as such commissioner of registration, and the commissioner of registration in a county of the second class having a superintendent of elections shall receive such salary per annum as the governing body of such county may by resolution authorize, but not less than $2,500 for services performed as such commissioner of registration, and for such services performed by a commissioner of registration in a county not having a superintendent of elections additional compensation shall be paid to such commissioner in an amount equal to 50% of his salary as member and secretary of the county board. In counties of the second class and in counties of the first class not having a superintendent of elections where a member of the county board serves as commissioner of registration, he shall receive no additional compensation for the performance of his duties as such commissioner unless he shall devote his full time to the performance of his duties as member of the county board, secretary thereof, and commissioner of registration. "Full time" as here used means such time as is duly required of employees in the office of the county board. Notwithstanding the above, the commissioner of registration in a county having a superintendent of elections, upon the approval of the governing body of the county, shall receive a salary not less than the maximum which the secretary of a county board of elections in a county of the same class, not having a superintendent of elections, would receive for performing the duties of secretary and commissioner of registration. This minimum does not reduce the current base salary for any superintendent who also serves as commissioner of registration. Amended 1940, c.165, s.4; 1941, c.324; 1944, c.178; 1947, c.168, s.23; 1948, c.183; 1951, c.268; 1957, c.83, s.2; 1958, c.136; 1961, c.59, s.5; 1965, c.50, ss.1,2; 1975, c.256, s.2; 1980, c.186; 1981, c.462, s.27; 1989, c.160, s.4; 1998, c.91, s.3. NJSA 19:45-8 Compensation of judges holding court Each of the judges holding court, as herein required, shall be entitled to receive the sum of twenty dollars for each day he shall be personally present, pursuant to the provisions of this title, in addition to the salary to which he is now entitled by law, which sum shall be paid by the treasurer of the county as other court expenses are paid. NJSA 19:45-9 Compensation of county and municipal clerks The boards of chosen freeholders in the several counties may pay the county clerks for extra duties and services imposed upon and performed by them under this title an amount to be fixed by such boards. The governing bodies of the several municipalities may pay the municipal clerks for extra duties and services imposed upon and performed by them under this title an amount to be fixed by such governing body. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:46 NJSA 19:46-6 New Jersey Redistricting Commission 1. There is hereby established the New Jersey Redistricting Commission, which shall establish the Congressional districts for use in the decade of the 1990s. L.1991,c.510,s.1; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001. NJSA 19:46-7 Membership of commission 2. a. The commission shall consist of 13 members. The members of the commission shall be appointed with due consideration to geographic, ethnic and racial diversity and in the manner provided herein. b. There shall first be appointed 12 as follows: (1) two members to be appointed by the President of the Senate; (2) two members to be appointed by the Speaker of the General Assembly; (3) two members to be appointed by the minority leader of the Senate; (4) two members to be appointed by the minority leader of the General Assembly; and (5) four members, two to be appointed by the chairman of the State committee of the political party whose candidate for Governor received the largest numbers of votes at the most recent gubernatorial election and two to be appointed by the chairman of the State committee of the political party whose candidate for Governor received the next largest number of votes at that election. Appointments to the commission under this subsection shall be made as soon as practicable after the enactment of this act but not later than the seventh day after enactment and shall be certified by the appointing authorities to the Secretary of State as soon as practicable thereafter but no later than the fifth day after the appointments are made. c. There shall then be appointed one member, to serve as an independent member, who shall not have held elected public or party office in this State at any time during the three year period immediately prior to appointment to the commission. The independent member shall be appointed by the previously appointed members of the commission as follows: the members appointed by the appointing officials of the political party whose candidate for Governor received the largest number of votes at the preceding gubernatorial election shall as a group select three nominees meeting the foregoing qualifications, and the members appointed by the appointing officials of the political party whose candidate for Governor received the next largest number of votes at that election shall do the same. If one person is nominated by both groups, then that person shall be the independent member, and if more than one person is nominated by both groups, the previous appointees shall by lot choose one of them to be the independent member. If no person is nominated by both groups, the members shall elect the independent member by ballot upon the vote of seven of the previously appointed members. Appointment to the commission of the independent member under this subsection shall be made as soon as practicable but no later than the seventh day after the appointment of the other members of the commission and the certification shall be made as soon as practicable thereafter but no later than the fifth day after the appointment is made. Once selected, the independent member shall serve as chairman of the commission. If the other members are unable to appoint an independent member within the time allowed therefor, the appointment of those other members shall be void and each of the appointing officials shall, as soon as practicable, appoint to be members of the commission persons other than those originally selected to be members and the selection process of the independent member shall proceed again as provided for by this section. d. No person shall serve as a member of the commission who is a member of the Congress of the United States or a Congressional employee or has served as such during the one-year period prior to the appointment of the members of the commission. L.1991,c.510,s.2; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001. NJSA 19:46-8 Organizational meeting; quorum; vacancies 3. The commission shall meet to organize as soon as may be practicable after the appointment of the independent member but not later than February 15, 1992. At the organizational meeting the members of the commission shall determine such organizational matters as they deem appropriate. Thereafter, a meeting of the commission may be called by the chairman or upon the request of seven members, and seven members of the commission shall constitute a quorum at any meeting thereof for the purpose of taking any action. Vacancies in the membership of the commission occurring prior to the certification by the commission of Congressional districts or during any period in which the districts established by the commission may be or are under challenge in the courts of this State or the courts of the United States shall be filled within five days of their occurrence in the same manner as the original appointments were made. L.1991,c.510,s.3; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001. NJSA 19:46-9 Certification of Congressional districts 4. On or before March 20, 1992, or within three months after receipt by the Governor of the official statement by the Clerk of the House of Representatives regarding the number of Representatives to which the State is entitled, pursuant to section 2a of 2 U.S.C., whichever is later, the commission shall certify the establishment of the Congressional districts to the Secretary of State. The commission shall certify the establishment of districts pursuant to a majority vote of its members. Any vote by the commission upon a proposal to certify the establishment of a Congressional district plan shall be taken by roll call and shall be recorded, and the vote of any member in favor of any Congressional district plan shall nullify any vote which he shall previously have cast during the life of the commission in favor of a different Congressional district plan. Any Congressional district plan introduced by a member of the commission shall be considered for adoption by the commission and subject to a recorded vote to ascertain the level of support for that plan among the members. If the commission is unable to certify the establishment of districts by the time required due to the inability of a plan to achieve seven votes, the two district plans receiving the greatest number of votes, but not fewer than five votes, shall be submitted to the Supreme Court, which shall select and certify whichever of the two plans so submitted conforms most closely to the standards established in section 5 of this act. The independent member of the commission may vote only when the vote of the other members of the commission in favor of a Congressional district plan results in a tie. L.1991,c.510,s.4; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001. NJSA 19:46-10 Districting standards 5.a. The plan certified by the New Jersey Redistricting Commission for the establishment of Congressional districts shall provide for equality of population among districts; for the preservation of minority voting status within each district; for the geographical contiguity of individual districts; and for reasonable protection for districts from decade to decade against disruptive alteration due to redistricting. b. (1) In the plan, the population of each Congressional district shall be as nearly equal as practicable, and the difference in population between the most populous and least populous districts as small as practicable, as required by the Constitution of the United States and all applicable decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States. (2) No Congressional district shall be established which fragments an ethnic or racial minority community which, if left intact, would constitute a majority or significant number of voters or potential voters within a single district with the ability to elect the candidate of their choice. For the purposes of this paragraph, a minority community means any group enjoying special protection under the civil rights provisions of the Constitution of the United States and the federal "Voting Rights Act of 1965," as amended and supplemented (42 U.S.C. s. 1973 et seq.). c. Congressional districts shall be drawn so that they are contiguous. d. To the fullest extent reasonable and when not in conflict with the foregoing standards, Congressional districts shall be drawn to preserve continuity from decade to decade. L.1991,c.510,s.5; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001. NJSA 19:46-11 Meetings of the commission 6. Meetings of the New Jersey Redistricting Commission shall be held at convenient times and locations. The commission shall hold at least three public hearings in different parts of the State. The commission shall, subject to the constraints of time and convenience, review written plans for the establishment of Congressional districts submitted by members of the general public. Notwithstanding any statute, rule or regulation to the contrary, the commission shall not be subject to the "Open Public Meetings Act," P.L.1975, c.231 (C.10:4-6 et seq.). L.1991,c.510,s.6; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001. NJSA 19:46-12 Use of districts 7. The establishment of Congressional districts shall be used thereafter for the election of members of the House of Representatives and shall remain unaltered through the next year ending in zero in which a federal census for New Jersey is taken, unless such districts are ruled invalid by the courts of this State or the United States. L.1991,c.510,s.7; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001. NJSA 19:46-13 Original and exclusive jurisdiction of Supreme Court 8. Notwithstanding any statute, rule or regulation to the contrary and except as otherwise required by the Constitution of the United States or by any federal law, no court of this State shall have jurisdiction over any judicial proceeding challenging the actions of the New Jersey Redistricting Commission, including its establishment of Congressional districts under this act, except that the Supreme Court of this State shall have original and exclusive jurisdiction to consider any cause brought upon the petition of a legally qualified voter of the State and to grant relief appropriate to the cause, including the issuance of an order to the commission to establish new districts. The Court shall give any petition filed as provided herein precedence over all other matters. It shall render judgment within 30 days of the date on which the petition is filed. L.1991,c.510,s.8; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001. NJSA 19:46-14 Assistance to commission 9. The commission shall be entitled to call to its assistance and avail itself of the services of such staff or employees of any State, county or municipal department, board, bureau, commission or agency as it may require and as may be available for its purposes, and to employ such stenographic, clerical and professional assistance as it may deem necessary in order to perform its duties, within the limits of funds appropriated or otherwise made available to it for its purposes. L.1991,c.510,s.9; per s.12, expired January 1, 2001 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:47 NJSA 19:47-1 Words and terms defined As used in this subtitle: " Ballot ", except when reference is made to irregular ballots, means that portion of the ballot containing the name of the candidate and the designation of the party by which he was nominated, or a statement of a proposed constitutional amendment, or other question or proposition with the word "yes" for voting for any question or proposition, and the word "no" for voting against any question. " Question " includes any constitutional amendment, proposition or other question submitted to the voters at any election. " Official Ballot " means the material displaying the names of the candidates nominated and a statement of the questions submitted. " Irregular Ballot " means a vote cast, by or on a special device, for a person whose name does not appear on the ballots. " Voting Machine Custodian " means the person who shall have charge of preparing and arranging the voting machine for elections. " Protective Counter " means a separate counter built into the voting machine which cannot be reset, which records the total number of votes cast. The list of candidates used or to be used on the front of the voting machine for an election district in which the voting machine is used pursuant to law shall be deemed official ballots under this subtitle. Amended 2004, c.88, s.13. NJSA 19:47-2 Construction All provisions of law relating to elections shall apply to all elections where voting machines are used so far as the same may be applicable thereto and so far as such provisions are not inconsistent with the provisions of this subtitle. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:48 NJSA 19:48-1 Voting machines, requirements a. Any thoroughly tested and reliable voting machines may be adopted, rented, purchased or used, which shall be so constructed as to fulfill the following requirements: (a)It shall secure to the voter secrecy in the act of voting; (b)It shall provide facilities for such number of office columns, not less than 40 and not exceeding 60, as the purchasing authorities may specify and of as many political parties or organizations, not exceeding nine, as may make nominations, and for or against as many questions, not exceeding 30, as submitted; (c)It shall, except at primary elections, permit the voter to vote for all the candidates of one party or in part for the candidates of one party or one or more parties; (d)It shall permit the voter to vote for as many persons for an office as he is lawfully entitled to vote for, but no more; (e)It shall prevent the voter from voting for the same person more than once for the same office; (f)It shall permit the voter to vote for or against any question he may have the right to vote on, but no other; (g)It shall for use in primary elections be so equipped that the election officials can stop a voter from voting for all candidates except those of the voter's party; (h)It shall correctly register or record and accurately count all votes cast for any and all persons, and for or against any and all questions; (i)It shall be provided with a "protective counter" or "protective device" whereby any operation of the machine before or after the election will be detected; (j)It shall be so equipped with such protective devices as shall prevent the operation of the machine after the polls are closed; (k)It shall be provided with a counter which shall show at all times during an election how many persons have voted; (l) It shall be provided with a model, illustrating the manner of voting on the machine, suitable for the instruction of voters; (m)It must permit a voter to vote for any person for any office, except delegates and alternates to national party conventions, whether or not nominated as a candidate by any party or organization by providing an opportunity to indicate such names or name; (n)It shall be equipped with a permanently affixed box or container of sufficient strength, size and security to hold all emergency ballots and pre-punched single-hole envelopes and with a clipboard and a table-top privacy screen; (o)It shall not use mechanical lever machines or punch cards to record votes. All voting machines used in any election shall be provided with a screen, hood or curtain, which shall be so made and adjusted as to conceal the voter and his action while voting. It shall also be provided with one device for each party for voting for all the presidential electors of that party by one operation, and a ballot therefor containing only the words "presidential electors for," preceded by the name of that party and followed by the names of the candidates thereof for the offices of President and Vice-President and a registering device therefor which shall register the vote cast for such electors when thus voted collectively. b. (1) By January 1, 2009, each voting machine shall produce an individual permanent paper record for each vote cast, which shall be made available for inspection and verification by the voter at the time the vote is cast, and preserved for later use in any manual audit. In the event of a recount of the results of an election, the voter-verified paper record shall be the official tally in that election. A waiver of the provisions of this paragraph shall be granted by the Secretary of State if the technology to produce a permanent voter-verified paper record for each vote cast is not commercially available. (2)The provisions of paragraph (1) of this subsection shall be suspended until: (i) the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer certify in writing that sufficient funds have been provided by the federal government and received by the State to offset the entire cost of ensuring that each voting machine used in this State produces an individual permanent paper record for each vote cast; or (ii) the annual appropriation act contains an appropriation of sufficient funds to ensure that each voting machine used in this State produces an individual permanent paper record for each vote cast and such appropriated funds have not been reserved by the Governor under a spending reduction plan; or (iii) the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer certify in writing that sufficient funds have been provided by the federal government and received by the State, and the annual appropriation act contains an appropriation of sufficient unreserved funds, to ensure, when such funds are combined, that each voting machine used in this State produces an individual paper record for each vote cast. Amended 1941, c.166, s.4; 1984, c.39, s.1; 1992, c.3, s.3; 2004, c.88, s.14; 2005, c.137, s.1; 2007, c.301, s.1; 2008, c.18, s.1; 2009, c.17, s.1. NJSA 19:48-2 Examination of voting machines by secretary of state Any person or corporation owning or being interested in any voting machine may apply to the Secretary of State to examine such machine. Before the examination the applicant shall pay to the Secretary of State an examination fee of four hundred fifty dollars ($450.00). The Secretary of State within a period of thirty days shall examine the machine and shall make and file in the office of the Secretary of State his report of the examination, which report shall state whether in his opinion the kind of machine so examined can be safely used by the voters at elections under the conditions prescribed in this subtitle. If the report states the machine can be so used, it shall be deemed approved, and machines of its kind may be adopted for use at elections as herein provided. Before making such report the Secretary of State shall require the voting machine to be examined by three examiners to be appointed for such purpose by him, one of whom shall be an expert in patent law and the other two mechanical experts, and shall require of them a written report on such machine, which the Secretary of State shall attach to his own report on the machine. Each examiner shall receive one hundred fifty dollars ($150.00) for his compensation and expenses in making an examination and report as to each voting machine examined by him from and out of the examination fee of four hundred fifty dollars ($450.00). Neither the Secretary of State nor any examiner shall have any pecuniary interest in any voting machine. When the machine has been so approved, any improvement or change that does not impair its accuracy, efficiency, or capacity, shall not render necessary a re-examination or reapproval thereof. Any form of voting machine not so approved cannot be used at any election. The certificate of approval, or a certified copy thereof, shall be conclusive evidence that the kind of machine so examined complies with the provisions of this subtitle, except that the action of the Secretary of State in approving such machine may be reviewed by the Superior Court in a proceeding in lieu of prerogative writ. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 355, s. 58. NJSA 19:48-3 Adoption of voting machines in counties other than counties of first class; purchase or rental; furnishing voting machines for election following enactment; competitive bidding; method of payment In all counties other than counties of the first class the board of chosen freeholders or the governing body of any municipality by a majority vote of their respective bodies may adopt for use at all elections any kind of voting machine that meets the requirements of this subtitle, or any voting machines which meet the requirements of this subtitle may also be adopted in any county or municipality at any general, local or special election, by popular referendum, by a majority of the qualified votes cast. Such referendum shall be placed on the ballot on petition of ten per centum (10%) of the qualified voters of such county or municipality who cast their votes at the last preceding general election in such county or municipality and shall be adopted by a majority vote of the qualified electors voting thereon. Such referendum shall read as follows: "Shall voting machines be adopted and used in all elections in the (county or municipality) of ?" Upon the adoption thereof the local governing body of such political unit shall proceed to acquire within eighteen months, by rental or purchase, a complete equipment of voting machines. The governing body of the county or municipality shall provide that all election districts of any one municipality shall be equipped with voting machines on the same day. In all counties of the first class on and after September first, one thousand nine hundred and forty, voting machines of the type to meet the requirements of this subtitle shall be adopted and furnished by rental or purchase, by the board of chosen freeholders and used at all elections, in all election districts, in said counties; provided, however, that the purchase price of voting machines shall be paid at a rate not to exceed three hundred thousand dollars ($300,000.00) in any one year. In the event the board of chosen freeholders of any county of the first class shall not have furnished and provided by rental or purchase at least forty (40) days before the election immediately following the enactment of this act, voting machines of the description and in the quantity required for use as aforesaid then the State House Commission shall forthwith furnish, by purchase or rental, a sufficient number of voting machines for use at all elections in all election districts in said county; in the event that the State House Commission finds it impracticable to obtain the number of machines necessary for use in all election districts in the said county at the next election, the State House Commission shall furnish as many machines for use in the said county at the next election as it finds practicable, and in that event the superintendent of elections of such county shall direct the installation and use of voting machines, so furnished, in such municipalities and in such wards thereof as the superintendent of elections shall designate, giving preference to municipalities in the descending order of population measured by the last published Federal or State census, and, in any municipality, giving preference to the several wards thereof according to the same standard. Any voting machines purchased by the State House Commission under the provisions of this section shall be purchased through competitive bidding upon such notice and according to such procedure as the State House Commission may prescribe. The cost of the rental or purchase of voting machines by the State House Commission under the provisions of this section shall be paid as follows: The State Treasurer shall withhold ten per centum (10%) of all subventions, excepting school and relief funds, due said county in any fiscal year until sufficient funds, together with interest at the rate of three per centum (3%) per annum, on the unpaid balance has been withheld, to cover the cost of the purchase or rental of the voting machines. The State Treasurer shall disburse said funds so retained to such persons or corporations, public or private, as shall be entitled to the same. Amended by L.1940, c. 152, p. 329, s. 1; L.1940, c. 197, p. 845, s. 1. NJSA 19:48-3.1 State House Commission, convening of and action by For the purpose of this act, a vote by the majority of the members of the State House Commission shall constitute valid action by said commission, and the said State House Commission shall be convened by any member thereof. L.1940, c. 197, p. 847, s. 2. NJSA 19:48-3.2 Authorized ballots; emergency, provisional ballots 3. No ballots shall be prepared or used at any election in any election district under the provisions of this act other than such ballots as are required for use in voting machines, emergency ballots for use if a voting machine fails to operate, as provided in P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-1 et al.), and provisional ballots for use by certain voters who no longer reside at the place from which they are registered, as provided in P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1 et al.). L.1940, c.197, p.847, s.3; amended 1992, c.3, s.4; 1999, c.232, s.4. NJSA 19:48-3.3 State House Commission to provide voting machines in first and second class counties In each county of the first class and each county of the second class in which voting machines of the type to meet the requirements of subtitle fifteen of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes have not been furnished by the board of chosen freeholders for use at all elections in all election districts in said county, such voting machines shall be provided by the State House Commission for use in all election districts of each said county in the manner provided by this act. L.1944, c. 7, p. 20, s. 1. NJSA 19:48-3.4 Appropriation for purchase of voting machines There is hereby appropriated to the State House Commission the sum of one million five hundred thousand dollars ($1,500,000.00) for the purpose of purchasing the voting machines required by this act. L.1944, c. 7, p. 20, s. 2. NJSA 19:48-3.5 Purchase of voting machines; competitive bids; notice; procedure The State House Commission shall purchase such voting machines of the type described in subtitle fifteen of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, by competitive bidding and upon such notice and according to such procedure as the State House Commission shall prescribe. L.1944, c. 7, p. 20, s. 3. NJSA 19:48-3.6 Purchase of voting machines as available If the State House Commission is unable to purchase sufficient voting machines to meet the requirements of this act, it shall purchase such number as may be available and thereafter, from time to time, make further purchases of such voting machines as they become available, until sufficient voting machines have been purchased to meet the requirements of this act. L.1944, c. 7, p. 20, s. 4. NJSA 19:48-3.7 Delivery of voting machines purchased All voting machines purchased by the State House Commission pursuant to this act shall be delivered to the superintendent of elections in counties having a superintendent of elections and to the county board of elections in each county of the second class. If the State House Commission is unable at its first purchase to purchase sufficient voting machines to meet the requirements of this act, it shall determine in its discretion the county or counties to which the voting machines purchased are to be delivered and the machines shall be delivered as required by such determination, and as further purchases are made the same procedure shall be followed. L.1944, c. 7, p. 21, s. 5. Amended by L.1947, c. 168, p. 767, s. 26. NJSA 19:48-3.8 Certification to counties of voting machines purchased; appropriations in annual budget As soon as any voting machines are purchased by the State House Commission and the determination is made as to the number to be delivered to any county, the State House Commission shall certify to the board of chosen freeholders of said county the number of voting machines purchased for said county and the amount of the purchase price paid therefor. In the annual budget of said county for the year following the date of such certification, and in each annual budget thereafter until the full amount so certified is paid, the board of chosen freeholders of said county shall appropriate an amount sufficient to pay one-fifth of the total amount or amounts so certified by the State House Commission, together with three per centum (3%) interest from the date of certification; provided, however , that, in any year, the board of chosen freeholders may appropriate and pay any amount greater than herein required. L.1944, c. 7, p. 21, s. 6. Amended by L.1945, c. 122, p. 477, s. 1. NJSA 19:48-3.9 Payments by counties out of first tax moneys In each county in which it is required by this act that an appropriation for the purposes of this act be included in the annual budget of any county, the board of chosen freeholders of said county shall direct the county treasurer of said county to pay, and the county treasurer, not later than the first day of March in such year, shall pay to the State Treasurer the amount of such appropriation out of the first moneys received from the various municipalities of the county for county taxes and before making any other payment out of said moneys. L.1944, c. 7, p. 21, s. 7. NJSA 19:48-3.10 Certification to Commissioner of Local Government of moneys to be appropriated; withholding approval of county budget Whenever the State House Commission makes its certification to any county of money to be appropriated by said county pursuant to the provisions of this act, it shall make a like certification to the Commissioner of Local Government and it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Local Government to withhold approval of any county budget which does not contain any appropriation required by this act until such time as such appropriation is included. L.1944, c. 7, p. 21, s. 8. NJSA 19:48-3.11 Use of voting machines when insufficient number delivered to counties When voting machines are delivered to any county pursuant to the provisions of this act and they are insufficient to provide voting machines for use in all election districts of said county, such voting machines shall be installed and used in such municipalities of said county and in such wards thereof as, in counties having a superintendent of elections, the superintendent of elections shall designate and as, in counties of the second class, not having a superintendent of elections the commissioner of registration shall designate, giving preference to municipalities in the descending order of population measured by the last Federal census and, in any municipality, giving preference to the several wards thereof according to the same standard. L.1944, c. 7, p. 22, s. 9. Amended by L.1947, c. 168, p. 767, s. 27. NJSA 19:48-3.12 Convening of State House Commission; majority vote For the purpose of this act, the State House Commission may be convened by any member thereof on ten days' notice, in writing, given to the other members thereof, and a vote of the majority of the members thereof shall constitute valid action by said commission. L.1944, c. 7, p. 22, s. 10. NJSA 19:48-3.13 Ballots, type permitted 11. No ballots other than ballots required for use in voting machines, emergency ballots for use if a voting machine fails to operate and provisional ballots for use by certain voters who no longer reside at the place from which they are registered, as provided in P.L.1999, c. 232 (C.19:53C-1 et al.), shall be prepared or used at any election in any election district. L.1944, c.17, p.22, s.11; amended 1947, c.168, s.28; 1992, c.3, s.5; 1999, c.232, s.5. NJSA 19:48-3.14 Enforcement of act by Attorney General If any provision of this act is not complied with, the Attorney-General, at the request of the State House Commission, shall forthwith proceed to enforce compliance with the same. L.1944, c. 7, p. 22, s. 12. NJSA 19:48-3.15 Definitions As used in this act-- " Municipal Election " means an election to be held in and for a single municipality only, at regular intervals; " Pertinent Equipment " means channels, rollers, compensators, lockouts, pins and shutters used in connection with voting machines. L.1945, c. 59, p. 335, s. 1. NJSA 19:48-3.16 Purpose of act The purpose of this act is to provide a method of establishing a uniform system of voting, by voting machines in all election districts, at any municipal election, in municipalities in which voting machines have been installed, pursuant to the provisions of the act to which this act is a supplement, for use in part of, but not in all of, such election districts. L.1945, c. 59, p. 335, s. 2. NJSA 19:48-3.17 Renting of voting machines In any case in which voting machines have been so installed for use in part of, but not in all of, the election districts of any municipality in any county of the first or second class, thereby preventing the holding of any such municipal election in such municipality with the use of voting machines in all election districts, in accordance with the provisions of law relating to elections where voting machines are used, the superintendent of elections of any such county having a superintendent of elections or the county board of elections of any such county of the second class, if there be no superintendent of elections, as the case may be, may rent from any other county or counties in which voting machines have been installed under any law other than the act to which this act is a supplement, as many voting machines and any pertinent equipment as, in his or its judgment, shall be necessary to carry out the purpose of this act by providing voting machines for use in all of such election districts in such municipality at any municipal election to be held therein; provided, however, that all voting machines so rented shall conform substantially to the type of voting machines already installed for use in such municipality. L.1945, c. 59, s. 335, s. 3. Amended by L.1947, c. 168, p. 768, s. 29. NJSA 19:48-3.18 Agreements for rental of voting machines; terms and conditions Such superintendent of elections or such county board of elections, as the case may be, of the county in which such municipality is located, is hereby authorized and empowered, in behalf and in the name of the county in which the voting machines are to be used, to enter into an agreement with the board of chosen freeholders of the county owning such machines, which board is also hereby authorized and empowered to enter into such an agreement, for the rental of such machines and any pertinent equipment for use at any such municipal election, upon the following terms and upon such additional terms as may be mutually agreed upon, and any such agreement made pursuant to the provisions of this act shall be binding upon the respective counties: a. The rental rate for each machine and any pertinent equipment accompanying the same shall not exceed five dollars ($5.00); b. The machines and any pertinent equipment rented shall be transported entirely at the expense of the county in which the same are to be used; c. The board of chosen freeholders of the county from which the machines are rented shall cause the counters within all machines rented to be set at zero (000) at least fifteen days before the date of the municipal election in which the machines are to be used; d. The machines and any pertinent equipment rented, after delivery thereof to such superintendent of elections or such county board of elections, as the case may be, shall, except when being transported and when actually at the polling places, be stored in a suitable place which shall be a fireproof building in the county in which such municipality is located; e. The machines and any pertinent equipment rented shall be returned to their usual place of storage in the county from which they are rented not later than twenty days after the municipal election in which they are to be used, with the counter within each machine set at zero (000); f. The machines and any pertinent equipment rented shall be duly returned to the place of storage thereof in the county from which they are rented in the same condition as when leaving such place; and any partial or total damage done to any machine or pertinent equipment from any cause whatever, between the time of leaving such place of storage and its return thereto, shall be repaired or replaced at the expense of the county in which the same are to be used. L.1945, c. 59, p. 336, s. 4. NJSA 19:48-3.19 Certification to municipal clerk of voting machines rented In the event such an agreement is made, such superintendent of elections or such county board of elections, as the case may be, shall, before the thirtieth day prior to the date of the municipal election for which the voting machines have been so rented, certify in writing to the municipal clerk of the municipality in which such election is to be held that at least one voting machine will be provided for each election district of such municipality for use at such election. L.1945, c. 59, p. 337, s. 5. NJSA 19:48-3.20 County clerk's duties on receipt of certification. 6. Upon receipt of such certification, the county clerk of the municipality in which such election is to be held shall proceed to prepare and furnish to such superintendent of elections or such county board of elections, as the case may be, at least seven days before any such election, official ballots of the type and in the number required by law for use in voting machines, and shall make such other arrangements as are necessary to hold such municipal election by the use of voting machines in all election districts of such municipality, in accordance with the provisions of law relating to elections where voting machines are used, and such election shall in all respects be so held and conducted. L.1945, c.59, s.6; amended 2020, c.71, s.5. NJSA 19:48-3.21 Expenditures for voting machines rented; reimbursement of county by municipality Such superintendent of elections or such county board of elections, as the case may be, is hereby authorized to expend for the purpose of this act a sum not to exceed forty dollars ($40.00) per each voting machine rented plus any sum expended for the repair or replacement of any machines or pertinent equipment partially or totally damaged, which expenditures shall be in addition to any amount authorized to be expended, under Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, by such superintendent of elections or such county board of elections, as the case may be, and shall be paid, when certified to and approved by such superintendent of elections or such county board of elections, as the case may be, by the county treasurer of the county in which the machines are used; and the county making such payment shall be reimbursed therefor by the municipality holding such election, in the same manner as is now provided by law for the payment of other expenses in connection with any election held in and for a municipality only. L.1945, c. 59, p. 338, s. 7. NJSA 19:48-4 Custody and care of machines Voting machines, heretofore or hereafter installed in any manner provided by law, in any county not having a superintendent of elections, shall be placed, and remain, in the custody of the county board of elections, and voting machines, heretofore or hereafter installed in any manner provided by law, in any county having a superintendent of elections, shall be placed, and remain, in the custody of the superintendent of elections; except that voting machines, heretofore or hereafter installed in any municipality by the governing body thereof, in any manner provided by law, shall be placed, and remain, in the custody of the municipal clerk unless taken over by the county according to law. The county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, shall preserve and keep in repair all voting machines placed in its or his custody pursuant to the provisions of this section. Amended by L.1947, c. 168, p. 764, s. 24. NJSA 19:48-5 Payment for machines Any voting machines owned and in use by a municipality at the time of a county-wide installation at county expense may be taken over by the county if mutually agreeable between the county and municipality. In no case shall the municipality be reimbursed to the extent of more than the original cost of the machines. Any county and the board of chosen freeholders thereof and any municipality and the governing body thereof on the adoption and rental or purchase of voting machines shall provide for the payment thereof in such manner as the governing body of such governmental unit deems best according to the financial condition of such unit, and the governing body may meet the necessary expenditure by budget appropriation, and for the purpose of purchasing shall have the power within this subtitle to borrow money and issue negotiable bonds to pay for same, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of article 1 of chapter 1 of the title Municipalities and Counties (s. 40:1-1 et seq.). NJSA 19:48-6 Duties of officials concerning machines The county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, having custody of voting machines, shall have the machine or machines and all necessary furniture and appliances at the proper polling place or places before the time fixed for opening the polls, and the counters set at zero (000), the emergency ballot boxes furnished with the appropriate number of emergency ballots, and otherwise in good and proper order for use at such election. For the purpose of placing ballots in the ballot frames of the machines; putting in order, setting, testing, adjusting and delivering the machines, such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, may employ or appoint one or more fully competent persons to be known as custodian or custodians of voting machines, who shall be thoroughly instructed in their duties by such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, and shall be sworn to perform their duties honestly and faithfully. Such custodians shall be employed or appointed and instructed at least thirty days before the election and shall be considered as officers of elections; provided, however, that for the purpose aforesaid in counties having a superintendent of elections, the superintendent of elections may employ or appoint, in addition to one or more custodian or custodians, other fully competent persons and may classify them, assign their duties, and fix their compensation according to the particular duties assigned them, which said persons shall also be employed or appointed, and thoroughly instructed and sworn to perform their duties honestly and faithfully, at least thirty days before the election and shall likewise be considered as officers of election. Before preparing a voting machine for any election, written notice shall be mailed by such board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, to the chairman of the county committee of at least two of the principal political parties, stating the time and place where the machines will be prepared, at which time one representative of each such political party shall be afforded an opportunity to see that the machines, including the emergency ballot boxes, are in proper condition for use in the election; such representatives shall be sworn to faithfully perform their duties and shall be regarded as election officials, but shall not interfere with the custodian or custodians or other persons employed or appointed as aforesaid or assume any of his or their duties. When a machine and the affixed emergency ballot box have been so examined by such representatives, the emergency ballot box shall be sealed with a numbered green seal and the voting machine shall be locked against voting and sealed with a numbered seal. Such representatives shall certify, upon a form to be provided by such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, as to the numbers of the machines and emergency ballot boxes, that all of the counters are set at zero (000) and the ballot boxes are furnished with the emergency ballots, and as to the numbers registered on the protective counter, if one is provided, and on the seals. Such certificate shall be filed by them with such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be. After a voting machine and an emergency ballot box have been properly prepared for the election and the machine locked against voting and sealed, the keys for the voting machine shall be delivered to such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, together with a written report made by a custodian stating that the machine and the affixed emergency ballot box are in every way properly prepared for the election. After the voting machines shall be delivered to the polling places, the governing body of the municipality, wherein such polling places are located, shall provide ample police protection against molestation, or tampering or damage to the machines. Every voting machine shall be furnished with a lantern, or an electric light fixture, which shall give sufficient light to enable voters while voting to read the ballots and be suitable for use by the district board in examining the counters. The lantern or electric light fixture shall be prepared in good order by such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, for use before the opening of the polls. Amended 1945,c.56,s.2; 1947,c.168,s.25; 1992,c.3,s.6. NJSA 19:48-7 Inoperative voting machines; use of emergency ballots; statements If any voting machine being used in any election district shall, during the time the polls are open, become damaged so as to render it inoperative in whole or in part, the election officers shall immediately give notice thereof to the county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, having custody of voting machines, and such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, shall cause any person or persons employed or appointed pursuant to section 19:48-6 of this Title to substitute a machine in perfect working order for the damaged machine. At the close of the polls the records of both machines shall be taken and the votes shown on their counters shall be added together in ascertaining and determining the results of the election. During any period when a voting machine is inoperative, emergency ballots made as nearly as possible in the form of the official ballot shall be used in accordance with the provisions of this amendatory and supplementary act, P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-1 et al.), received by the election officers and placed by them in an emergency ballot box as provided in this amendatory and supplementary act, P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-1 et al.), and shall be counted with the votes registered on the voting machines. The result shall be declared the same as though there had been no accident to the voting machine. The emergency ballots thus voted shall be preserved and returned with a statement setting forth how and why the same were voted. The original statement shall be filed with the county or municipal clerk, as the case may be; a copy of the statement shall be filed with the commissioner of registration; and an additional copy shall be placed in the emergency ballot box. The statement for use in all elections except primary elections shall be in the following form: ELECTION STATEMENT FOR EMERGENCY PAPER BALLOTS VOTED This statement must be completed by all election district board workers present when a voting machine malfunctions and emergency paper ballots are issued and voted. R.S.19:48-7. This is to certify that voting machine no. ....... became inoperative at .......AM, ....... PM. We further certify that ....... emergency paper ballots were issued and voted during the time the voting machine assigned to Election District No. ....... in .................... (municipality) was inoperative. The last voting authority given out before the voting machine became inoperative was no. ........ This .................... day of .................... 2 ........ TO BE COMPLETED ONLY IF VOTING MACHINE IS REPLACED Voting machine no. ....... was replaced by voting machine no........ at ....... AM, .......PM. The next voting authority given out after the voting machine was replaced was no. .......... TO BE COMPLETED WHEN VOTING MACHINE HAS BEEN REPAIRED AND IS READY TO RECEIVE VOTES Voting machine no. ....... was repaired at ....... AM, .......PM. The next voting authority given out after the voting machine was repaired was no. .......... ................................ ..................................... Signature of Judge Signature of Clerk ................................ ..................................... Signature of Inspector Signature of Clerk ................................ ..................................... Municipality Signature of Voting Machine Technician ............................... Ward ................................ District The statement for use in the primary election shall be in the following form: PRIMARY ELECTION STATEMENT FOR EMERGENCY PAPER BALLOTS VOTED This statement must be completed by all election district board workers present when a voting machine malfunctions and emergency paper ballots are issued and voted. R.S.19:48-7. This is to certify that voting machine no. ....... became inoperative at .......AM, ....... PM. We further certify that ....... emergency paper ballots were issued and voted during the time the voting machine assigned to Election District No. ....... in .................... (municipality) was inoperative. The last voting authorities given out before the voting machine became inoperative were REPUBLICAN NO. ........, DEMOCRATIC NO. ........ this .................... day of .................... 2 ....... TO BE COMPLETED ONLY IF VOTING MACHINE IS REPLACED Voting machine no. ....... was replaced by voting machine no........ at ....... AM, .......PM. The next voting authorities given out after the voting machine was replaced were REPUBLICAN NO......, DEMOCRATIC NO....... TO BE COMPLETED WHEN VOTING MACHINE HAS BEEN REPAIRED AND IS READY TO RECEIVE VOTES Voting machine no. ....... was repaired at ....... AM, .......PM. The next voting authorities given out after the voting machine was repaired were REPUBLICAN NO. ........, DEMOCRATIC NO. ........ ................................ ..................................... Signature of Judge Signature of Clerk ................................ ..................................... Signature of Inspector Signature of Clerk ................................ ..................................... Municipality Signature of Voting Machine Technician ................................ Ward ................................ District If a voting machine fails to operate on multiple occasions during a single election, a STATEMENT FOR EMERGENCY PAPER BALLOTS VOTED shall be completed on each occasion when the machine fails to operate. Amended 1945, c.56, s.1; 1992, c.3, s.7; 2004, c.88, s.15 NJSA 19:48-8 Rental of voting machines to associations, clubs, etc.; terms The superintendent of elections of any county having a superintendent of elections or the county board of elections of any county not having a superintendent of elections may, upon application of any recognized association, club, fraternity, union or other group of persons whose constitution or by-laws requires the election of officers by secret ballot, rent to said association, club, fraternity, union or other group of persons, one or more voting machines owned by said county for the purpose of conducting said secret election, at a rental and upon such terms as may be determined upon by such superintendent of elections or county board of elections. L.1966, c. 120, s. 1, eff. June 17, 1966. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:49 NJSA 19:49-1 Official ballots furnished Official ballots of the form and description set forth in this subtitle for use upon voting machines shall be prepared and furnished in the same manner as now provided by law. NJSA 19:49-2 Official ballots All official ballots shall be in black ink in type as large as space will reasonably permit; provided, however, that any public question which shall be placed on the ballot shall be in red and above any public question to be voted upon by the voters of the entire State there shall be, also in red, a description of the public question, which description shall not exceed six words and shall be in type as large as is practicable. Party nominations shall be arranged on each voting machine, either in columns or horizontal rows; the caption of the various ballots on the machines shall be so placed on the machines as to indicate to the voter what device is to be used or operated in order to vote for the candidates or candidate of his or her choice. The providing of the official ballots, the order of the precedence and arrangement of parties and of candidates, and the instructions for the use of a device to be used or operated in order to vote for candidates shall be as now required by law, except that in those counties where voting machines are used, the county clerk shall have the authority to determine the specifications for, and the final arrangement of, the official ballots. For the primary election for the general election in all counties where voting machines are or shall be used, all candidates who shall file a joint petition with the county clerk of their respective county and who shall choose the same designation or slogan shall be drawn for position on the ballot as a unit and shall have their names placed on the same line of the voting machine; and provided further, that all candidates for municipal or party office in municipalities in counties where voting machines are or shall be used who shall file a petition with the clerk of their municipality bearing the same designation or slogan as that of the candidates filing a joint petition with the county clerk as aforesaid, may request that his or her name be placed on the same line of the voting machine with the candidates who have filed a joint petition with the county clerk as aforesaid by so notifying the county clerk of said county in writing within two days after the last day for filing nominating petitions and thereupon the county clerk shall forthwith notify the campaign manager of such candidates filing a joint petition as aforesaid of said request, and if the said campaign manager shall file his consent in writing with the said county clerk within two days after the receipt of said notification from said county clerk, the clerk of said county shall place the name of such candidate on the same line of the voting machine on which appears the names of the candidates who have filed the joint petition as aforesaid; provided, also, that any candidate filing a petition with the Attorney General may request that his or her name be placed on the same line of the voting machine with the candidates who have filed a joint petition with the county clerk as aforesaid by so notifying the county clerk of said county in writing within two days after the last day for filing nominating petitions, and thereupon the county clerk shall forthwith notify the campaign manager of such candidates filing a joint petition as aforesaid of said request, and if the said campaign manager shall file his consent in writing with the said county clerk within two days after the receipt of said notification from said county clerk, the clerk of said county shall place the name of such candidate on the same line of the voting machine on which appears the names of the candidates who have filed the joint petition as aforesaid. Amended 1940, c.137; 1941, c.163, s.1; 1944, c.127; 1945, c.70; 1946, c.17; 1948, c.240; 2004, c.88, s.16; 2011, c.202, s.46. NJSA 19:49-2.1 Repeal All acts or parts of acts inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed insofar as they relate to counties of the first class where voting machines are or shall be used. L.1941, c. 163, p. 521, s. 2. NJSA 19:49-3 Number of official ballots to be furnished At least one week prior to the start of the early voting period for any primary, local, or general election two sets of official ballots shall be provided for each voting machine, for each polling place, for each election district, for use in and upon the voting machine. One set thereof shall be inserted or placed in or upon the voting machine and the other shall be retained in the custody and possession of the county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, having custody of voting machines, unless it shall become necessary during the course of the election to make use of the same upon or in the voting machine. At the close of the election all official ballots, except those actually in or upon the voting machine at the close of the election, whether the same shall have been used in the machine or not, shall be returned to the official providing the same in the manner by this Title provided. Amended 1945, c.56, s.4; 2021, c.40, s.18. NJSA 19:49-4 Instruction ballots; sample ballots; preparation; mailing; posting a. (1) The officer or officers whose duty it may be under this subtitle to provide and furnish official ballots for any polling place where a voting machine is to be used shall also provide 2 sample ballots or more, or instruction ballots, which sample or instruction ballot shall be arranged in the form of a diagram showing such portion of the face of the voting machine as it will appear after the official ballots are arranged thereon or therein for voting on election day. Such sample or instruction ballots shall be open to the inspection of all voters on election day, in all elections where voting machines are used. (2) For election districts in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, the officer or officers whose duty it may be under this subtitle to provide and furnish official ballots for any polling place where a voting machine is to be used shall also provide 2 sample ballots or more, or instruction ballots, printed bilingually in English and Spanish. Such sample or instruction ballots shall be open to the inspection of all voters on election day, in appropriate election districts, in all elections where voting machines are used. b. There shall be furnished a sufficient number of sample ballots printed entirely in black ink, a facsimile of the face of the machine, of a reduced size, one of which sample ballots shall be mailed to each registered voter, except that for election districts in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, sample ballots printed bilingually in English and Spanish shall be mailed to each registered voter. Any reference to sample ballot envelopes in any section of this Title to the contrary notwithstanding, in all counties where voting machines are used and wherein the commissioner of registration has the facilities to mail out sample ballots direct to the registrants of such county and has elected so to do, as otherwise in this Title provided, the commissioner of registration in any such county may request the county clerk of such county to have the sample ballots prepared in the manner following: (1) The county clerk shall have said sample ballots for all general and special elections printed in such manner that, when folded, the words "Official General Election Sample Ballot" or as the case may be, shall appear on the reverse side thereof, together with the words "In cases where the sample ballot is to be sent to an addressee who does not receive his mail by delivery to his home or through rural free delivery "if not delivered within 5 days return to the commissioner of registration' and in all other cases "if not delivered within 2 days return to the commissioner of registration.' Do not Forward. Return Postage Guaranteed" over the return address of the commissioner of registration. Such portion of the ballot may contain such additional words that conform with United States Postal regulations that will prevent such envelope from being forwarded to the voter at any other address than that appearing on the envelope, and that will cause such envelope to be returned to the commissioner of registration, with information thereon from the post office showing the reason for nondelivery. (2) The county clerk in drawing the specifications for the printing of the official primary ballots shall include the requirement that the municipal clerks shall have primary sample ballots printed in such manner that, when folded, the words "Official Primary Election Sample Ballot" shall appear on the reverse side thereof, together with the words "In cases where the sample ballot is to be sent to an addressee who does not receive his mail by delivery to his home or through rural free delivery "if not delivered within 5 days return to the commissioner of registration' and in all other cases "if not delivered within 2 days return to the commissioner of registration.' Do Not Forward. Return Postage Guaranteed" over the return address of the commissioner of registration. Such portion of the ballot may contain such additional words that conform with United States Postal regulations that will prevent such envelope from being forwarded to the voter at any other address than that appearing on the envelope, and that will cause such envelope to be returned to the commissioner of registration, with information thereon from the post office showing the reason for nondelivery. (3) Five sample ballots shall be posted as now required by law. c. For all general and special elections the county clerk, and for all primary and municipal elections the municipal clerks, shall, at least 30 days preceding any such election, make the arrangements necessary to be made with the postmaster or postmasters in their respective counties and municipalities to have the said sample ballots mailed under the postal laws and regulations, and forthwith notify the said commissioner of registration in writing to that effect. Amended by L.1947, c. 79, p. 456, s. 1; L.1958, c. 105, p. 572, s. 1; L.1969, c. 35, s. 2, eff. May 9, 1969; L.1974, c. 30, s. 14. NJSA 19:49-5 Irregular ballots Ballots voted for any person whose name does not appear on the machine as a nominated candidate for office are herein referred to as irregular ballots. Such irregular ballot shall be written or affixed in or upon the receptacle or device provided on the machine for that purpose. No irregular ballot shall be voted for any person for any office whose name appears on the machine as a nominated candidate for that office or for a delegate or alternate to a national party convention; any irregular ballot so voted shall not be counted. An irregular ballot must be cast in its appropriate place on the machine, or it shall be void and not counted. Amended by L.1941, c. 166, p. 530, s. 5; L.1984, c. 39, s. 2, eff. May 4, 1984. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate