Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0919.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 19, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Business Action Center’s Office of Planning Advocacy Launches Geospatial Tool for Municipalities and Developers The “NJ Smart Growth Explorer” tool will provide data for development and conservation efforts across the state Trenton, NJ – September 19, 2024 - The Office of Planning Advocacy within the New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) at the Department of State has launched its new NJ Smart Growth Explorer data tool. Developed by the Rowan University Geospatial Research Lab , the NJ Smart Growth Explorer is a free comprehensive informational tool that provides data to municipalities and developers for development and conservation efforts. By utilizing this data, users can more easily site projects earlier in the development process, making projects more efficient and less costly. The tool provides several mapping layers to identify climate and environmental information alongside development/redevelopment factors that help provide a comprehensive view of New Jersey’s landscape. These layers can be viewed individually or as a composite of some or all the included factors, with access to parcel-based and statewide mapping. “Smart Growth is when development and redevelopment happen in a pattern and in locations that coordinate with infrastructure and best serve people to result in great communities,” said John Hasse, Ph.D. professor and principal investigator for the Rowan team leading the development of the site. “Smart Growth also protects natural resources and avoids risky areas such as flood zones. The NJ Smart Growth Explorer provides free access to some of the best mapping data available to help NJ municipalities best achieve their community goals.” “This administration has prioritized helping municipalities capitalize on economic development opportunities, meet their affordable housing obligations equitably, and conserve and preserve open space and farmland responsibly,” said Lt. Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the Office of Planning Advocacy and NJBAC in her capacity as Secretary of State. “The NJ Smart Growth Explorer will further support these efforts at no cost to public and private sector stakeholders.” “The Explorer is a living Beta tool that will be constantly improved based on feedback we receive from users, particularly municipal and county land use officials, and the land use planning community,” said Melanie Willoughby, executive director of the NJBAC, about the ongoing effort of continuous improvement for the site. “Mapping layers include data sources from numerous state and federal agencies combined in one location to present a comprehensive view of New Jersey.” “I am proud to be working with Rowan’s team on this important tool to assist municipalities in envisioning what the future can look like in their community, how to think locally and act regionally, and to understand the impact of their day-to-day decisions,” said Donna Rendeiro, executive director of the State Planning Commission and the Office of Planning Advocacy. “Used in connection with local land use knowledge, the Smart Growth Explorer is a valuable tool that provides important information toward that end.” This Beta tool is available publicly, along with a training video, at https://nj-map.com/sdrp/model . The New Jersey Business Action Center serves as the State's liaison to the business community, offering free information, services, and resources across various areas such as business registration, financial programs, regulatory compliance, property selection, workforce training, and more. NJBAC comprises multiple offices, including Small Business, Business Advocacy, Export Promotion, State Planning, and the Cannabis Training Academy. Access to NJBAC services is available through NJ DOS - NJ Business Action Center or Business.NJ.gov: Your first stop for doing business in NJ or by calling 1-800-JERSEY-7. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate