Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/puertoricocommission-about.shtml

NJ Department of State - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission - Overview Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Overview About the NJ Puerto Rico Commission On May 13, 2021, Governor Phil Murphy announced 29 appointments to the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. The Commission, which was established under legislation signed into law by Governor Murphy in January 2020, will build upon the Administration’s efforts to promote interconnectivity between Puerto Ricans living in New Jersey and on the island. The Commission’s work will include supporting ongoing recovery efforts, exploring economic development opportunities, and promoting educational and cultural exchange between New Jersey and Puerto Rico. Senators Nellie Pou, Declan O’Scanlon and Assemblywomen Yvonne Lopez and Nancy Munoz were appointed to the Commission. The New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission was established under A4188, which was signed into law by Governor Murphy on January 9, 2020. Established in the wake of Hurricane Maria, which took a devastating toll on the island of Puerto Rico, the Commission will serve to maintain and improve ties with the government and people of Puerto Rico. New Jersey has a population of over 500,000 persons of Puerto Rican descent, and it is estimated that 30,000 Puerto Ricans came to New Jersey after being displaced by Hurricane Maria. Through this Commission, the State will contribute to Puerto Rico’s economic recovery and continue the State’s significant relationship with the island. The Commission will advance bilateral trade and investment, work on joint policy issues, encourage New Jersey companies to invest in Puerto Rico, among many other initiatives. Peggy Anastos and Jose Lozano will serve as Co-Chairs of the Commission.The Commission will report its findings and recommendations to the Governor and the Legislature within one year of its initial organizational meeting and by February 1st of each succeeding year for the activities of the preceding calendar year. “Many Puerto Ricans live in New Jersey and their contributions to the fabric of our state have been immense. We have a longstanding friendship with the government of Puerto Rico and the people of Puerto Rico and this Commission will serve to bring that relationship to even greater heights.” -Governor Murphy. PR COMMISSION ACTIVE MEMBER LIST AS OF 1-14-2025 Member Name Chairwoman Peggy Anastos Assemblywoman Yvonne Lopez Assemblywoman Nancy F. Munoz Ashley Tanya Pagan Raggio M.D. MPH, FAAP The Honorable Anthony R. Bucco The Honorable Nellie Pou Carlos A. Medina Esq. Ivette Mendez Humberto Cuadrado Carmen Gandulla The Honorable Carmen M. Garcia Councilman Anibal Ramos Jr. Javier Robles Esq. Rosemarie Moyeno Matos Jose T. Lozano Samuel J. Kanig Councilman Luis A. Quintana Mr. Gualberto Medina Marie Quinones-Wilson William Borke III Raymond Ocasio Eddie Gonzalez Lino Santiago Francisco J. Maldonado-Ramirez Esq. Adalberto Lopez Councilman Daniel Rivera Lydia J. Valencia John Sanchez Major Fidiberto Soto Jr. Dr. Thomas R. Ortiz The Honorable Ruben J. Ramos Jr. Miguelangel Melendez John A. Santana Wharton NJPRC Guide To Resources News Events Overview Role of the Commission Contact Us [an error occurred while processing this directive] Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate