Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-1015a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 15, 2020, Museum Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State 9th Annual Halloween Spooktacular Goes Virtual TRENTON, NJ - The New Jersey State Museum’s annual Halloween event is going virtual this year. The 9th Annual Halloween Spooktacular will feature a special online Halloween show by our friends from Mad Science and a special goody bag for each participant. Space for the virtual show is limited and registration is required to receive the private Zoom link and goody bag. Registration here: https://forms.gle/usVS4BSqq1oxyVkX7 . The Mad Science Halloween show will take place at 6 pm on Friday October 30. It features a mixture of science and magic! Children will see a paper spider turn into a ‘real-live’ spider. Hear the tales of Count Eggbert and Countess Eggberta as they battle the wicked witch, then watch as the wicked witch is melted right before your eyes! The audience will find out how the seemingly sane Mr. Bernoulli helped the Mad Scientist float an eyeball in the air. Then, as a grand finale, the Mad Scientist will introduce the audience to the eerie world of Dry Ice, making bubbling potions and lots of fearsome fog. All will have an evening of gruesome goodness and fun! Included with registration is a free Halloween goody bag for each child. Pick up for the goody bags will be at the Museum on Thursday, October 29 and Friday, October 30 from 3 pm - 5:30 pm. Families may also choose to pick up at the Trenton Free Public Library from October 28 through 30 until 4:30 pm. Goody bags will not be mailed. Make sure to join our virtual costume parade by posting a picture of your family in costume to the Spooktacular Halloween event on the New Jersey State Museum Facebook page (njstatemuseum), or post on Twitter (@NJStateMuseum), or Instagram (nj_statemuseum) using the hashtag #NJSMHalloweenSpooktacular. The New Jersey State Museum is currently closed due to the pandemic, however, staff continue working remotely to plan exhibitions and programs, answer research questions and provide identifications of archaeological and natural history specimens for the public. The Museum Shop, operated by the NJ State Museum Foundation, a non-government 501(c)3 organization which supports the Museum, is offering online shopping opportunities for those who miss visiting in person. The online Shop can be accessed from the Shop tab on the Museum website. In addition, work is taking place to ready the Museum for reopening, with reduced capacity, additional cleaning protocols, social distancing and masks required. For additional information, visit www.statemuseum.nj.gov, like the Museum’s Facebook page (@NJStateMuseum), follow us on Twitter (njstatemuseum), or Instagram (nj_statemuseum). About the New Jersey State Museum Located at 205 West State Street in Trenton, the New Jersey State Museum encompasses three buildings including a state-of-the-art Planetarium and holds over 2 million artifacts in its collections in Archaeology/Ethnography, Cultural History, Fine Art and Natural History. As a center of cultural, educational and scientific engagement, the Museum inspires innovation and lifelong learning through collections, exhibitions, programs and research in science, history and art. Established in 1895, the New Jersey State Museum fosters state pride, serves as a cultivator of tomorrow’s leaders, and engages visitors of all ages and diverse backgrounds in an exploration of New Jersey’s cultural and natural history presented within a global context. About the New Jersey State Museum Foundation The New Jersey State Museum Foundation was founded in 1968 as a non-profit 501(c)(3) to support the Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs through fundraising, volunteerism, advocacy and marketing. In recent years, the Foundation has received generous support from the PNC Foundation, NJM Insurance Group, Department of State/New Jersey Historical Commission, Henry Luce Foundation, Capstone Foundation and Princeton Area Community Foundation. The Foundation also operates the Museum membership program, as well as the Museum Shop which sells merchandise related to the Museum's exhibitions and collections, and New Jersey history and culture. Proceeds support the New Jersey State Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate