Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2018-0605.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 5, 2018 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Division of Elections Issues Press Guidance for June 5 Primary Election TRENTON, N.J. – The New Jersey Division of Elections has issued the following press guidance for the New Jersey Primary Election, Tuesday, June 5. Polls are open from 6:00 a.m. until 8:00 p.m. To find your polling place, use the Division of Election’s “Where Do I Vote?” link: https://voter.njsvrs.com/elections/polling-lookup.html To confirm your voter registration status, use the Division of Election’s “Am I Registered” link: https://voter.njsvrs.com/PublicAccess/servlet/com.saber.publicaccess.control.PublicAccessNavigationServlet?USERPROCESS=PublicSearch For contact information for local county election official offices, use the Division of Election’s link: http://nj.gov/state/elections/voting-information-local-officials.html Unofficial election results can be obtained by reaching out to the county clerks of the 21 counties. County results are posted online on each of the county websites, links to which can be found use the Division of Election’s link: http://nj.gov/state/elections/election-information-results-county-sites.html To vote in New Jersey, you must be: a United States citizen, who is at least 18 years old, a resident of the county for 30 days before the election and you are not currently serving a sentence, probation or parole because of a felony conviction. Regarding voters who move between counties at least 30 days before election: Voter may vote in new election district because voter has satisfied the 30-day residency requirement under the State Constitution, but must be registered to vote in the new county by the 21st day before election. Regarding voters who move between counties less than 30 days before the election: Voter can go back to old election district and vote. If a person moves into a county less than 30 days before the election and registers to vote for the first time in the State by the 21-day deadline, that person cannot vote because he or she has not satisfied the 30 day county residency requirement under the State Constitution. Regarding unaffiliated voter in primary election: New Jersey’s primary election law allows unaffiliated voters to select a party when voting in the Primary Election. However, voters registered as Democrats can only vote in the Democratic primary and voters registered as Republicans can only vote in the Republican primary. An unaffiliated voter who declares a party by voting in the primary can return to their unaffiliated status after the primary by re-registering as an unaffiliated voter. If citizens should have any complaints, please contact the New Jersey Division of Elections at (609) 292-3760. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate