Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/njbusiness/

Business.NJ.gov: Your first stop for doing business in NJ Official Site of the State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way Get Updates Plastic Bag Ban Now in Effect: Learn how the law may impact your business. Business.NJ.gov Search Plan Plan Start Start Operate Operate Grow Grow Grow Updates Updates Updates All Topics Updates Ask an Expert My Account Your first stop for doing business in New Jersey. Get your personalized business starter kit, find funding opportunities, discover your tax obligations, and more. Get Your Personalized Guide COVID-19 Search Call us at 1-800-Jersey-7 Tab again to search Get Your Personalized Guide COVID-19 Search Call us at 1-800-Jersey-7 Search Tab again to search Access Your Personalized Business Information Access Your Personalized Business Information Start and grow your New Jersey or out-of-state business with Navigator today! Get Your Business Starter Kit Register Your Out-of-State Business See Your Tax and Annual Report Deadlines Create Account We're here for any part of your journey. Welcome to Business.NJ.gov, your one-stop for learning about State, and sometimes federal and local, opportunities and regulations in New Jersey. Explore a rich library of content on registering, hiring, funding, and more. Plan You have a great idea and want to turn it into a successful business. Start You’ve decided to start a business, and now it's time to legally register it. Operate Your doors are open and you want to stay in compliance with the State. Grow You are looking to expand your business, find funding, export your goods, or contract with the State. Access Your Personalized Business Information Access Your Personalized Business Information Start and grow your New Jersey or out-of-state business with your Business.NJ.gov account today! Get Your Business Starter Kit Register Your Out-of-State Business See Your Tax and Annual Report Deadlines Create Account What's New Plastic Bag Ban Now In Effect Learn how the new law may impact your business... Grants and Resources Funding Opportunities for Faith Based and Community Organizations February 9, 2024 ... Grants and Resources Your Construction Firm May Qualify for Tuition-Free Business Training October 31, 2024 ... Grants and Resources Loan Guarantees for Investors in Innovation-Focused Companies February 9, 2024 ... View All Updates For More Support Looking for more expert advice? Try our free, personalized online business registration guides, speak to a representative on our chat, or sign up for business updates straight to your email. A print version and digital file of our Small Business Manual is also available. Your Business.NJ.gov Account Get a free, personalized step-by-step guide for starting your business in New Jersey. COVID Business Info The latest information on COVID related rules and guidelines, financial assistance programs, and other resources. One-on-One Support Chat with a business advocate with decades of experience, anytime from 9a.m. - 5p.m. Monday - Friday. Business Newsletter Stay up to date on recently announced programs or regulations likely to affect your business. Brought to you by Office of the Governor New Jersey Business Action Center New Jersey Economic Development Authority Department of the Treasury, State of New Jersey Office of Innovation