Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2016-0328.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - March 28, 2016 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Lt. Governor Guadagno Issues Final Decision on Senator Cruz Challenge Senator Cruz to Appear on June 7th New Jersey Republican Presidential Primary Ballot TRENTON, N.J. – On March 28, 2016, two parties filed challenges to the nomination petition of Senator Ted Cruz for the June 7, 2016 New Jersey Republican presidential primary election: Victor Williams and a group calling itself the South Jersey Concerned Citizens Committee. Both challenges were transmitted to the Office of Administrative Law (“OAL”) as “contested cases” on April 4, 2016, to be heard on Monday, April 11, 2016 at the OAL’s office in Hamilton, New Jersey. Because both challenges argued that Senator Cruz failed to satisfy Article 2, Section 1 of the US Constitution, which requires one to be a “natural born Citizen” to serve as President, Administrative Law Judge Jeff S. Masin (“ALJ”) consolidated the challenges. At the consolidated hearing, Senator Cruz’s counsel argued that the objectors lacked standing and that this is a non-justiciable question, thereby preventing the Secretary of State from considering or determining the validity of the objections. The objectors argued that Senator Cruz is not a “natural born Citizen” because he was born outside the United States in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. In his April 12, 2016 initial decision, ALJ Masin rejected Senator Cruz’s standing and non-justiciability arguments, but went on to agree that Senator Cruz is a “natural born Citizen” within the meaning of the Constitution and that he is eligible to be nominated for the Presidency by nomination petition for the June 7, 2016 Republican Presidential primary election. “After full consideration of the record, as well as Judge Masin's thorough and well researched initial decision and the exceptions filed with my office, I, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno, as Secretary of State and chief election official of the State of New Jersey, adopt Judge Masin's initial decision in its entirety,” said Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno. The ALJ’s initial decision was served electronically on the parties at approximately 5:36 p.m. on April 12, 2016. Exceptions to the ALJ’s initial decision were received from both objectors. The initial and final decisions are available below: Lieutenant Governor Kim Guadagno's Final Decision Judge Masin's Initial Decision Judge Masin's Order of Consolidation Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate