Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/museum/index.html

New Jersey Department of State - NJ State Museum Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey State Museum The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State On view through March 16: Robert Duran Bark! Indigenous Cultural Expressions NEW! 2024-2025 Field Trip Guide Planetarium Shows Weekdays and Weekends Previous Next Annual Girl Scout event: See the World as a Scientist Feb. 22 Join us for the annual Girl Scout Day; a science-filled day focusing on astronomy and space, citizen science, and STEM careers. Details and registration . Small Explorers: Shapes & Colors Feb. 8, 9:45 am, 11:00 am, and 12:00 noon Our world is made of colors and shapes, it’s what we see all around us! Small Explorers will check out some colorful art in our new Robert Duran exhibit, actively explore colorful objects and create a mandala art piece to take home. Register . Science Under the Stars: Cosmic Jazz: Sonification of Galaxies Feb. 22, 4:15 pm Join us in the Planetarium for this talk with Dr. Carrie Filion, Center for Computational Astrophysics Sonification is the mapping of data to sounds, and through sonification we can transform galaxy data into tones that we can hear. These sounds capture the patterns that can be seen with our eyes and tell us about the structure of the galaxy. In this lecture, we will listen to galaxy data and discover how sonification works. We will also learn how scientists are using the tools and techniques underlying these sonifications to gain new insight into how galaxies evolve in time. Museum Shop – New Hours The Museum Online Shop is closed. Please visit us in-person during operating hours, Tuesday & Friday - Sunday, 11 am - 4 pm. Tweets by NJStateMuseum Newsroom 2024 Press Releases 10/02/24 - NJ State Museum Visit the NJ State Museum in October for science celebrations and more! October is a busy month at the New Jersey State Museum! 10/01/24 - NJ State Museum Critically acclaimed but little-known artist subject of new exhibition The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present a new exhibition and accompanying publication featuring the work of an artist who spent the latter part of his life working in New Jersey. 05/17/24 - NJ State Museum Science and space talks for curious minds at the New Jersey State Museum The New Jersey State Museum presents “Science Under the Stars,” a free monthly lecture series held on Saturdays in the Planetarium. 04/16/24 - NJ State Museum New Exhibition Explores Importance and Uses of Tree Bark The New Jersey State Museum presents “Bark! Indigenous Cultural Expressions,” on view May 4, 2024 through January 5, 2025 in the Museum’s Riverside Gallery on the second floor. 2023 Press Releases 12/05/23 - NJ State Museum Experience New Jersey at the Turn of the 20th Century via Photographic Archive The State Museum invites you to experience New Jersey history through a recently discovered archive of photographic negatives once belonging to a prolific but long-forgotten local photographer. 09/12/23 - NJ State Museum New Jersey Artists Series at the State Museum Returns With “Way Finding” The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present a new exhibition in the New Jersey Artists Series, “Caroline Burton: Way Finding.” The exhibition opens September 23 in the Riverside Gallery on the Museum’s second floor and will be on view through March 31, 2024. 08/17/23 - New Jersey State Museum New Shows Debut at State Planetarium in September The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the addition of two new shows to the Planetarium schedule: The Moon, for children through age 8, and Áróra, an award-winning film about the science and beauty of auroras for general audiences. 06/05/23 - New Jersey State Museum Planetarium to Offer Spanish Language Shows Monthly The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the start of new Spanish-language programming in the Planetarium. 05/03/23 - New Jersey State Museum New Archaeology Exhibition Highlights the Long History of New Jersey’s Capital City The New Jersey State Museum presents “History Beneath Our Feet: Archaeology of a Capital City,” a new exhibition focusing on the long history of human activity in Trenton, New Jersey as told through the lens of archaeology. The exhibition opens June 3 in the Museum’s main floor gallery and will remain on view through December 31, 2023. 03/28/23 - New Jersey State Museum Artworks inspired by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on display for 60th Anniversary of Letter from Birmingham Jail To commemorate the 60th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s Letter from Birmingham Jail, the New Jersey State Museum will exhibit four prints by artist Ben Shahn that reflect ideas King put forth in his letter. 01/31/23 - New Jersey State Museum New Exhibition Focuses on Non-objective Abstract Art The New Jersey State Museum presents “Beyond the Tangible,” a new exhibition of 26 non-objective abstract works by 22 artists from the Fine Art collection. The exhibition opens February 11 in the Museum’s 2nd floor gallery and features works created by American artists since the late 1930s. “Beyond the Tangible” is on view through August 27, 2023. 2022 Press Releases 09/06/22 - NJ State Museum Lunchtime Gallery Talks to Feature New Jersey Arts Annual Artists The New Jersey State Museum will present a series of seven in-gallery talks with artists featured in the 2022 New Jersey Arts Annual: Reemergence exhibition on select Wednesdays through the run of the show. 08/18/22 - NJ State Museum Longtime State Museum Volunteer Among Honorees at Governor’s 2022 Jefferson Awards The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce that longtime volunteer Wayne Callahan was among the honorees at the 2022 Governor’s Jefferson Awards. Mr. Callahan was honored in the “Service Through STEM” category for his volunteer work with the New Jersey State Museum Natural History Bureau. 08/04/22 - NJ State Museum Council for the Humanities Grant Will Support Upcoming State Museum Project The New Jersey State Museum (NJSM) is pleased to announce that the New Jersey State Museum Foundation is the recipient of grant funding from the New Jersey Council for the Humanities (NJCH) to support the a component of the exhibition "History Beneath Your Feet: Archaeology in the Capital City,” which will explore the social, cultural and environmental evolution of Trenton through archaeological artifacts. 03/18/22 - NJ State Museum Dive In and Discover the World of Sharks Sharks are one of the most feared animals throughout the world, even though the odds of ever encountering one are highly unlikely. “Jaw Dropping World of Sharks,” a new exhibition from the New Jersey State Museum, aims to dispel some of the myths and misunderstandings about sharks and their relatives. 01/10/22 - NJ State Museum New exhibition at NJ State Museum explores beauty, complexity of Black culture The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present “Posing Beauty in African American Culture,” a touring exhibition opening January 29, 2022. The exhibition explores the contested ways in which African and African American beauty have been represented in historical and contemporary contexts. 2021 Press Releases 09/14/21 - NJ State Museum Exhibitions Explore Nature and its Influence, Past and Present The New Jersey State Museum is open for visitors to discover exhibitions that preserve and share stories that inspire curiosity and creativity. 06/30/21 - NJ State Museum New Jersey State Museum Set to Reopen Mid-July The New Jersey State Museum is excited to announce that it will reopen for public visitation in mid-July. 2020 Press Releases 10/15/20 - NJ State Museum 9th Annual Halloween Spooktacular Goes Virtual The New Jersey State Museum’s annual Halloween event is going virtual this year. 10/06/20 - NJ State Museum New Virtual Program Autumn Evening Series The New Jersey State Museum will present the Autumn Evenings Series, a new four-part program of live digital events starting October 8. 07/30/20 - NJ State Museum The Museum is Open Online with New Digital Programming Even though the New Jersey State Museum has been closed for the past four months due to the pandemic, the staff has been working from home to bring Museum experiences to the public. 02/11/20 - NJ State Museum New “Small World” Exhibition a Visually Compelling Experience The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the Nikon “Small World” exhibition, on view adjacent to the Planetarium lobby from March 15 through July 10. 2019 Press Releases 12/04/19 - NJ State Museum New Exhibition Examines Birds and Their Influence on Our Culture The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce “Fine Feathered Friends: Birds as Mainstay and Muse,” a new exhibition opening on Saturday, January 4, 2020. 09/24/19 - NJ State Museum New Exhibition an Homage to the Pinelands The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce “Preserving the Pinelands: Albert Horner’s Portraits of a National Treasure,” a new exhibition opening Saturday, October 12. 08/16/19 - NJ State Museum New Jersey State Museum Granted Reaccreditation Secretary of State Tahesha Way is pleased to announce that the New Jersey State Museum has been granted reaccreditation by the American Alliance of Museums. 05/06/19 - NJ State Museum “Many Inspired Steps” Exhibition Commemorates Apollo Program The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present the exhibition, Many Inspired Steps, celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing. 01/16/19 - NJ State Museum Crocodiles Visit the Banks of the Delaware in New Exhibition The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of “Jersey Crocs Rule!” on March 2. 2018 Press Releases 09/19/18 - State Museum New Exhibition Highlights Foundation’s Contributions to State Museum The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of the new exhibition “Foundation@50: Celebrating Five Decades of Support” on September 22. 09/19/18 - State Museum From Fossil Tracks to Flight Suits, a Decade of Collecting at the New Jersey State Museum The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of “Objects Count: A Decade of Collecting at the New Jersey State Museum” on October 6. 05/17/18 - State Museum Amazing Microscopic Views on Display Now in Nikon “Small World” Exhibition The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the Nikon “Small World” exhibition is on view through July 15, 2018. 2015 Press Releases 03/27/15 - State Museum New Jersey State Museum Director Anthony Gardner Takes New Role With National September 11 Memorial & Museum Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today announced that New Jersey State Museum Executive Director Anthony Gardner will leave state service to take on the role of Vice President of Community Engagement at the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. 2014 Press Releases 06/14 - State Museum New Jersey State Museum Joins in New Jersey’s 350th Birthday Festivities The Trenton Downtown Association is having a festival to celebrate New Jersey’s 350th birthday and the State Museum is joining in the birthday fun. NJ350: A Capital Celebration, a free, family-friendly festival is being held on June 22nd from 11:00am-5:00pm, rain or shine, at the Capitol Complex on West State Street, Trenton. 05/14 - State Museum New Jersey State Museum Hosts 34th Annual Super Science Saturday May 3 In keeping with the NJ 350th Anniversary themes of diversity and innovation, a varied slate of programs and exhibits will explore New Jersey innovation and all things science at the New Jersey State Museum’s Super Science Saturday on Saturday, May 3, 2014, 10am to 4pm. 05/14 - State Museum New Jersey’s World’s Fair History, Innovation Highlighted in New Exhibit Opening June 21st The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of New Jersey on Display, an exciting new exhibition chronicling New Jersey’s involvement in seven world’s fairs held between 1876 and 1964. 05/14 - State Museum New Jersey State Museum Welcomes Service Members with Blue Star Museums Program The New Jersey State Museum will once again participate in the Blue Star Museum program, a collaboration among the National Endowment for the Arts, Blue Star Families, the Department of Defense, and more than 2,000 museums across America to offer free admission to the nation’s active duty military personnel including National Guard and Reserve and their families from Memorial Day through Labor Day 2014. 03/14 - State Museum Paleontologists Assemble Giant Turtle Bone from Fossil Discoveries Made Centuries Apart “As soon as those two halves came together, like puzzle pieces, you knew it,” said Ted Daeschler, PhD , associate curator of vertebrate zoology and vice president for collections at the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University. 03/14 - State Museum NJ State Museum Presents an Exhibition Celebrating Algira's 30th Anniversary The New Jersey State Museum is honored to present the exhibition, “Aljira at 30, Dream and Reality,” in the Museum's first floor East Gallery from March 29 through September 28, 2014. 03/14 - State Museum Dinosaurs and Artists Collide in New Exhibit The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the return of Hadrosaurus foulkii to New Jersey in the new exhibit Drawn To Dinosaurs: Hadrosaurus foulkii opening on Saturday, March 22 in the Museum’s Natural History Hall. 02/14/14 - Museum New Jersey State Museum Presents an Exhibition Exploring the Artists of Roosevelt The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present the New Jersey Artist Series exhibition, “Artists of Roosevelt,” in the Museum’s second floor Riverside Gallery from February 15 through May 25, 2014. 2011 Press Releases 10/27/11 - New Jersey State Museum Friends of the New Jersey State Museum Awarded $75,000 Grant from PNC Foundation to Provide Financial Education Program for Preschoolers The Friends of the New Jersey State Museum has been awarded a $75,000 grant from the PNC Foundation to teach area children lessons in spending, sharing and saving while providing parents with resources to reinforce the lessons at home. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate