Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0410a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - DOE - April 10, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJHC Webinar Shines Light on New Jersey’s Hidden Histories Learn how public historians share under-told stories about African American and Latino communities. TRENTON, NJ – On Thursday, April 18th starting at 6:30pm the African American History Program at the New Jersey Historical Commission will host Justice for the Dead: Reconstructing the Hidden Histories . This virtual event will highlight the ways in which public historians uplift under-told stories from New Jersey’s African American and Latino communities. “Without understanding the whole history of our state’s past, it’s impossible for New Jersey to move forward into a better future,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the New Jersey Historical Commission in her capacity as Secretary of State. “I’m proud of my Historical Commission and our state’s history community for uplifting these stories and helping New Jerseyans learn about the past in productive and restorative ways.” “Local organizations are doing incredible work reconstructing a more complete picture of New Jersey’s past,” said New Jersey Historical Commission’s executive director Sara Cureton. “We hope this webinar will inspire others to dig deeper into the histories of their own communities.” The discussion will include presentations by Reverend Wanda Lundy of the 313+ Ancestors Speak Project in Elizabeth, New Jersey; Christopher Lopez, artist and curator of the exhibition The Fires: Hoboken 1978-1982 ; and Carol McCarty, MA, Collections Project Coordinator at the Rutgers Geology Museum. “Stories of injustice are not often recorded in traditional historical sources such as archives, so it is vital for public historians and community workers to think creatively on how to recover and share these hidden histories,” said Noelle Lorraine Williams, director of the NJHC African American History Program. The featured panelists will discuss their research methods and their use of art, monuments, and museum collections to help audiences explore the experiences of their ancestors. Particularly, they will showcase how communities honor and bring justice to the remains, sites, and histories that have been hidden in New Jersey's past. To register for the Zoom link, visit https://bit.ly/jftd1 . This is a program of the African American History program at the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC). To learn more about the African American History program and the Black Heritage Trail, visit history.nj.gov About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a division of the Department of State dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate