Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2012-1001.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 1, 2012 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno Announces Destination Marketing Organization Grants For Regional Tourism Promotion Fourteen Organizations Receive $1.3 Million To Attract Visitors And Expand New Jersey’s Travel and Tourism Industry TRENTON, NJ – Investing in the growth and future of the state’s tourism industry, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today announced 14 Destination Marketing Organization (DMO) grants totaling more than $1.3 million to expand tourism marketing opportunities in New Jersey. “Tourism is one of New Jersey’s largest and most popular industries, generating $38 billion in economic activity and 312,000 jobs,” said Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno, who oversees the Division of Travel and Tourism as Secretary of State. “These grants are an important and proven ingredient to successfully promote the unique historical, cultural, and natural attractions that exist in every corner of our state.” DMOs work with entertainment venues, restaurants, retail outlets, and hotels to promote a municipality or region’s historical, cultural, and artistic attractions. Each grant application is reviewed by an independent panel with granting, marketing, and tourism experience. Applicants must demonstrate quality work, a clear demonstration of how their project will contribute to New Jersey’s tourism industry, and how their project fits within the Division of Travel and Tourism’s priorities. Each destination marketing organization will use their grant in different ways. The Hunterdon County Chamber of Commerce will hire an advertising firm to develop a branding campaign, marketing materials, and a public relations and advertising campaign. The Jersey Shore Convention and Visitors Bureau is developing advertising platforms, public relations, web advertising and internet-based promotions, including the Passport to the Jersey Shore mobile application, to build the Jersey Shore brand. Sussex County Chamber of Commerce, in cooperation with the New Jersey State Park Service, is developing trail markers and multiple wayside exhibits along rail trails in Sussex County. “The Division of Travel and Tourism awards these grants to Destination Marketing Organizations to provide critical promotional services in their respective geographic areas as premier tourist destinations. This program is a very exciting collaboration and is paramount to growth and the success of travel and tourism in New Jersey,” said Grace Hanlon, executive director of the Division of Travel and Tourism. “Destination Marketing Organizations not only maximize every dollar spent, but also present and highlight a town, city or region’s unique historical, cultural and artistic diversity. DMOs also partner with entertainment venues, restaurants, retail and a wide variety of accommodations for maximum tourism and visitor exposure.” To reinvigorate the state’s tourism promotion activities, Governor Christie has consolidated the structure of all current government tourism promotion activities and operations under a realigned New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority dedicated to advancing New Jersey tourism, entertainment and sports. The move acknowledges the significance of this industry to New Jersey’s economy by elevating the promotion of travel and tourism to a similar level of importance as other economic development efforts initiated by the Christie Administration, such as drawing businesses to New Jersey and retaining those that are already here. Since taking office, the Christie Administration has taken strategic, comprehensive efforts to ensure New Jersey continues to be a leading destination for sports and entertainment events. In addition to hosting Super Bowl XLVIII at MetLife Stadium in 2014, the Garden State is welcoming numerous sporting events, concerts and tournaments including WrestleMania, America’s Got Talent, Formula 1 Grand Prix Racing and the 2014 Special Olympics National Games. Destination Marketing Organization Grants were awarded to the following: $150,000 Meadowlands Liberty Convention and Visitors Bureau, Rutherford $74,835 Atlantic City Convention & Visitors Authority, Atlantic City $141,000 Southern Shore Regional Tourism, Cape May Courthouse $141,000 Southern Ocean County Chamber, Ship Bottom $141,000 Morris County Tourism Bureau, Morristown $123,000 Princeton Regional Chamber of Commerce and Convention & Visitor Bureau, Princeton $114,000 Jersey City Economic Development Corporation, Jersey City $111,000 Shore Region Tourism Council, Neptune $36,072 South Jersey Tourism Corp., Sewell $108,000 Somerset County Business Partnership, Bridgewater $102,000 Sussex County Chamber of Commerce, Newton $3,551 Hudson County Office of Cultural & Heritage Affairs, Jersey City $33,000 Hunterdon County Chamber of Commerce, Flemington $36,000 Central New Jersey Convention & Visitors Bureau Middlesex County Regional Chamber, New Jersey For more information on these destinations and assistance when planning a New Jersey vacation, day trip, or weekend getaway – including travel deals, additional itinerary ideas, finding accommodations and ordering brochures – go to www.visitnj.org . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate