Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0613.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 13, 2022, Department of State Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State What’s Filming In New Jersey: ‘Knock at the Cabin’ Principal photography in Burlington County NEWARK, N.J. – M. Night Shyamalan returned to South Jersey to film his upcoming apocalyptic horror film Knock at the Cabin, which just wrapped. The film marks the 15th feature film produced and directed by Shyamalan, with Jarin Blaschke as cinematographer. Produced by Binding Edge Pictures and Universal Pictures, Knock at the Cabin will be released by Universal on February 3, 2023. Knock at the Cabin stars Dave Bautista (Army of the Dead), Rupert Grint (Harry Potter film series) and Nikki Amuka-Bird (Old), alongside Ben Aldridge (Pennyworth) and Jonathan Groff (Mindhunter). Much of the movie was filmed on location in Tabernacle, and at the Evergreen Dairy Bar in Southampton. Shyamalan is best known for his supernatural and psychological thrillers such as The Sixth Sense, Unbreakable and Signs. Although most of his films are set in and around the Philadelphia area, Shyamalan has filmed in the Garden State on two other occasions. The Village was partially filmed in Pedricktown (Oldmans Township) in 2004. In 2021, Shyamalan directed scenes for Season 3 of the Apple TV+ television series Servant in Ocean City. “New Jersey’s film tax credit program has been highly successful in attracting marquee productions and A-List directors to the state,” said Governor Phil Murphy . “We are delighted to welcome M. Night Shyamalan back to New Jersey for his latest project.” The New Jersey Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program, enacted in 2018, has proven to be hugely successful. High-profile productions recently attracted to the state include Focus Features’ Armageddon Time starring Anthony Hopkins, Oscar Isaac and Anne Hathaway, Netflix’s The Perfect Find with Gabrielle Union, Yale Entertainment’s The Kill Room featuring Samuel L. Jackson and Uma Thurman, NBCUniveral’s limited dramedy series The Best Man currently filming in North Jersey, and the upcoming AMC six-part series Isle of the Dead, set to begin filming this summer. “The unprecedented amount of production we’ve enjoyed during the last few years has extended to every region of the state,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “South Jersey is hosting a number of studio and independent features this year, filming at many beautiful locations that were never previously used in motion pictures and television programs. We are very excited about that.” About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate