Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0906.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 6, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State RevolutionNJ Race Series Comes to Princeton 5K race and one-mile family fun walk will be held at Princeton Battlefield State Park on September 8, 2024 TRENTON, NJ ( September 6, 2024 )– New Jersey is continuing its race to America’s 250th in 2026. RevolutionNJ, the state’s official partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution to commemorate the Semiquincentennial, is hosting a series of 5K races and one-mile family fun walks at historic sites across New Jersey. The inaugural event at Monmouth Battlefield State Park on August 10th drew dozens of runners and walkers from all walks of life. Participants not only toured the state park, but also enjoyed traveling exhibits from Monmouth 250 – Monmouth County’s official commemoration committee for America’s 250th – and the Bruce Springsteen Archives and Center for American Music. The second in the series will occur on September 8th at Princeton Battlefield State Park. Racers and walkers alike will traverse the site of a crucial turning-point in the American Revolutionary War which capped the 10 days of fighting that began with Washington crossing the Delaware River. All participants will receive a t-shirt and commemorative magnet, and runners will receive a finisher’s medal. Awards will be given to the top three fastest runners in each ten-year age category. In addition to the race, the reenactment group, Grenadier Company Brigade of Guards 1776-1783, will join the festivities to share more information about the site’s past and a guided tour of the State Park will be offered by the Princeton Battlefield Society at 1pm. “Our RevNJ Race Series is proving to be a fun way to enjoy New Jersey’s wonderful parks and historical sites while learning about our shared past in preparation for 2026,” says Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way who oversees the New Jersey Historical Commission in her role as New Jersey’s Secretary of State. Future 2024 race locations will include East Jersey Old Town Village on October 13th, and Historic Greenwich Township on November 9th. Those who complete in all four races will receive a special commemorative medal. “The RevolutionNJ Race Series is one of the many ways that RevolutionNJ is fostering a multigenerational commemoration of the 250th,” said Sara Cureton, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission. “There’s a place for everyone in the festivities, whether they are an avid historian, recreational runner, or a family looking for ways to get outside on the weekend.” “Everyone’s coming together to learn about our past and support community health and well-being,” said Carrie Fellows, executive director of Crossroads of the American Revolution. “This type of creative historical events is vital to New Jersey’s heritage tourism industry, but just as importantly, they are good fun.” Information on joining this and all RevNJ events statewide can be found at https://revnj.org/calendar . About RevolutionNJ RevolutionNJ is a partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution Association to plan the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in New Jersey. RevolutionNJ will advance the role that history plays in public discourse, community engagement, education, tourism, and scholarship in New Jersey. Through a series of initiatives that explore the history of the American Revolution, its context, and its legacy, RevolutionNJ will galvanize diverse audiences statewide into embracing the enduring value and relevance of history. Learn more at https://www.revnj.org/ Additional information on RevolutionNJ is available at https://revnj.org/press. Materials include Press Releases RevolutionNJ Program Overview The RevolutionNJ Handbook New Jersey Fact Sheet Media-Related FAQs Historical NJ Locations Map Schedule of Events Brand Elements and Guidelines Hi-Res Photographic Images to Support Coverage Media Contact Information Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate