Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/historical/his-awards.shtml

NJ Department of State - Historical Commission - Awards & Prizes Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Historical Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Awards & Prizes Overview The Richard J. Hughes Award recognizes outstanding lifetime achievement in the field of New Jersey history. It is given annually to an individual in recognition of a series of contributions in the areas of scholarship, public history, conservation and preservation, and teaching. In partnership with the New Jersey Studies Academic Alliance (NJSAA) annual awards program, the Richard P. McCormick Prize is given every year to the author of an outstanding scholarly book on New Jersey history published during the current year of the award or in the previous two calendar years. The award carries a prize of $1,000. All works must include footnotes or endnotes. Bibliographies are encouraged. The Alfred E. Driscoll Prize is an award of $1,000 given every year to the author of an outstanding doctoral dissertation in New Jersey history. Eligible dissertations must be completed within the last two calendar years. Unsuccessful applicants may resubmit their dissertation in subsequent years. Dissertations that have already been accepted for publication are eligible, and their presses may apply for publication assistance. The Mildred Barry Garvin Prize is given every year to a K–12 New Jersey teacher, guidance counselor, or school librarian for outstanding teaching of African American history, or for outstanding performance in a related activity (i.e., curriculum development). The award carries a prize of $1,000. Awards of Recognition are given every year to individuals or organizations that have made significant contributions to New Jersey history in the following categories: For multiple contributions made over time For those who have had a positive impact on the ways in which audiences and/or communities are engaged in history For scholarship, public service, conservation and preservation efforts, special events, and teaching For helping to increase public awareness Note that this is not an award for the publication of a single book. Nomination Instructions To be eligible for the Richard J. Hughes Award, Mildred Barry Garvin Prize, Awards of Recognition, and Alfred E. Driscoll Prize complete the online Nomination Form . There are different requirements for each award so please follow the instructions on the form and see the Summary of Nomination Requirements chart below. Nominations for the Richard J. Hughes Award, Mildred Barry Garvin Prize and Awards of Recognition must include a statement (maximum 500 words) explaining why the nominee deserves the award and a curriculum vitae (under three pages). Mildred Barry Garvin Prize nominations must also include at least one sample curriculum unit or lesson plan. All self-nominations must be accompanied by two references. Nominees for the Alfred E. Driscoll Prize must accompany their nomination forms with a digital copy of their dissertation emailed to Niquole.primiani@sos.nj.gov . Nominees for the Richard P. McCormick Prize must follow the submission instructions outlined on the NJSAA website. NJSAA - Criteria for the Author Awards (google.com) Summary of Nomination Requirements Award or Prize Nomination form? Self-nomination permitted? Statement (max. 500 words)? Curriculum vitae (max. three pages)? Curriculum materials? Copy of written work? Richard J. Hughes Yes Yes, with 2 references Yes Yes No No Richard P. McCormick Submissions for this prize must go through the New Jersey Studies Academic Alliance. Please visit their website for instructions. Alfred E. Driscoll Yes Yes, with 2 references No No No Yes Mildred Barry Garvin Yes Yes, with 2 references Yes Yes Yes No Awards of Recognition Yes Yes, with 2 references Yes Yes No No Deadlines and Selection All nominations will be submitted by the deadlines specified below. Prize Submission Deadline Notification Richard J. Hughes June 3, 2025 September 2025 Richard P. McCormick April 30, 2025 September 2025 Alfred E. Driscoll September 1, 2025 September 2025 Mildred Barry Garvin September 17, 2025 December 2025 Awards of Recognition June 3, 2025 September 2025 Nominations for the Richard P. McCormick Prize are reviewed by the New Jersey Studies Academic Alliance Author Awards committee and a scholar selected by the New Jersey Historical Commission. Nominations for the Alfred E. Driscoll and Mildred Barry Garvin Prizes are reviewed by an independent panel of peer reviewers; all recommendations are forwarded to the New Jersey Historical Commission’s Grants and Prizes Committee. The Committee’s recommendations are voted on by the Commission’s full board. Nominations for the Richard J. Hughes Award and Awards of Recognition are evaluated by the New Jersey Historical Commission’s Grants and Prizes Committee. The Committee’s recommendations are voted on by the Commission’s full board. Past Recipients For a list of past recipients of New Jersey Historical Commission awards and prizes: Richard J. Hughes Award: Past Recipients Richard P. McCormick Prize: Past Recipients Mildred Barry Garvin Prize: Past Recipients Awards of Recognition: Past Recipients About the Commission Grant Opportunities Awards & Prizes African American History Materials for Teachers Media Projects Publications History Resources Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate