Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-1012.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 12, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) Announces Open Applications for the 2024 Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) is thrilled to announce the commencement of applications for the esteemed 2024 Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program. With a legacy spanning 36 years, this transformative program has empowered hundreds of Hispanic and Latino New Jerseyans, providing them with invaluable skills and experiences to thrive in the professional world. The Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program is a unique opportunity for young individuals of Hispanic descent who are residents of New Jersey. Designed to equip participants with a comprehensive skill set, the program includes coaching in essential areas such as written communication, negotiation, public speaking, organization and time management, professional etiquette, and the art of giving and receiving feedback. This multifaceted approach ensures that fellows emerge from the program as well-rounded and highly capable professionals. One of the standout features of the program is its paid internship component, where fellows gain hands-on experience in various settings, including state offices, the legislature, non-profit organizations, and the private sector. This combination of practical experience and traditional classroom instruction is complemented by guest presentations from leading professionals and other unique skill-building opportunities. To be eligible for the 2024 Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program, applicants must meet the following criteria: Be a resident of New Jersey Be of Hispanic descent Be enrolled in a 2 or 4-year college or university program Be a U.S. Citizen or Legal Permanent Resident Applications can be found at https://nj.gov/state/assets/pdf/chprd/chprd-2023-student-application.pdf . The application deadline is set for Friday, December 8, 2023, providing aspiring Fellows ample time to prepare and submit their applications. In addition to welcoming applicants, CHPRD is actively seeking placement sites for the program. If you are an employer interested in becoming a placement site and contributing to the development of future Hispanic leaders, please contact us at chprd@sos.nj.gov . The Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program stands as a testament to our commitment to preparing the next generation of Hispanic and Latino professionals for success in the 21st-century economy. We encourage all eligible individuals to apply and help us spread the word about this exceptional opportunity. For more information about the 2024 Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program and the application process, please visit CHPRD.NJ.GOV or contact us at chprd@sos.nj.gov . About CHPRD: The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD), which is within the New Jersey Department of State, was established in 1975 to address the needs of the Hispanic communities. The Office was mandated to provide funding for Hispanic initiatives and administers an annual appropriation from the State of New Jersey. The CHPRD seeks to empower, provide financial support, and technical assistance to primarily Hispanic community-based organizations. The Center promotes a new model of community development that is focused on making REAL impacts in people’s lives while helping community-based organizations achieve greater self-sufficiency. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate