Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-1123.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - November 23, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Bruised Debuts on Netflix NEWARK, N.J. – Atlantic City is prominently featured in the highly-anticipated sports drama Bruised , set to air on Netflix on November 24. The movie stars Oscar-winner Halle Berry and marks her directorial debut. It is a story about a former mixed-martial arts fighter struggling to regain custody of her son and rekindle her athletic career. Bruised was written by Michelle Rosenfarb, and produced by Basil Iwanyk, Brad Feinstein, Guymon Casady, Linda Gottlieb, Erica Lee, Gillian G. Hormel, Paris Kassidokosta-Latsis and Terry Douglas. Filmed entirely in New Jersey, the movie was shot largely at Jim Whelan Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City and Elite Heat Boxing Gym on Mount Pleasant Avenue in Newark. Cast members include Shamier Anderson ( Wyonna Earp ), Adam Canto ( Designated Survivor ), Sheila Atim ( Bounty Hunters ), Stephen McKinley Henderson ( Lincoln ), UFC women's flyweight champion Valentina Shevchenko and Lela Loren ( Power ). Motion picture and television production in New Jersey has been booming since the Garden State Film and Digital Media Jobs Act took effect in 2018, and businesses across the state are profiting. In 2019, production work enhanced the local economy by more than $420 million and created thousands of jobs. Filmmakers have already spent in excess of $500 million in the year-to-date. “We are delighted that Halle Berry chose the Garden State to make her feature film directorial debut, and that Atlantic City will be front and center,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “Throughout the production in both Atlantic City and Newark, the team behind Bruised spent nearly $10 million in New Jersey and hired hundreds of local cast and crew members to bring this project to the big screen.” The New Jersey Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program currently offers eligible production companies a 30-35% transferable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, and an additional 2% diversity bonus for qualified productions. Bruised is one of many projects recently attracted to the state by the program. Other recent New Jersey projects include the Warner Bros. feature The Many Saints of Newark , Hulu’s Wu-Tang: An American Saga , and Steven Spielberg’s upcoming remake of West Side Story . About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate