Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2013-0719.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 19, 2013 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Christie Administration Announces More Than $2.9 Million In AmeriCorps Grants To State Organizations Grants to Support 370 AmeriCorps Members in Meeting Diverse State and Local Needs TRENTON, NJ – Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno announced today that 15 organizations have received new or continued AmeriCorps grant support from the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS). The federal grants will support 370 AmeriCorps members across the state who will provide disaster services; support in-school and after-school tutoring and enrichment programs for at-risk youth; serve in homeless shelters and food pantries for families in need; assist individuals with disabilities to become more independent in the community; and work with watershed agencies to test and clean New Jersey's waterways. The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, which is located with the New Jersey Department of State's Division of Programs, will distribute the more than $2.9 million in funding to organizations selected in a highly competitive process. “Civic-minded service is an essential part of the solution to many of the social challenges facing our communities,” said Lt. Governor Guadagno, who oversees the Division of Programs in her dual capacity as Secretary of State. “With this support, AmeriCorps members will continue their fine work in meeting pressing local needs while strengthening the fabric of communities throughout New Jersey. In doing so, they will develop essential civic and leadership skills that will last a lifetime.” The current year's AmeriCorps grant cycle was highly competitive, due to the strong and growing demand by organizations seeking AmeriCorps resources. Overall, the CNCS received a record-breaking 582,000 AmeriCorps applications in 2011 – a dramatic increase from the 360,000 seen in 2009. “AmeriCorps members are improving the lives of millions of citizens and having a positive and lasting impact on the toughest challenges facing our communities,” said Wendy Spencer, CEO of the Corporation for National and Community Service. “I congratulate these organizations for their strong applications in a highly competitive year. Thanks to the dedicated service of AmeriCorps members, these organizations will increase their reach and impact on meeting local needs.” The grants advance the priorities of the bipartisan 2009 Serve America Act and focus AmeriCorps resources on six key service areas: disaster services, economic opportunity, education, environmental stewardship, healthy futures, and veterans and military families. On a national level, AmeriCorps engages 80,000 Americans of all ages and backgrounds in service to meet critical needs. Members serve through more than 14,000 organizations in rural and urban communities throughout the nation. Among other accomplishments, AmeriCorps members last year mobilized 3.4 million community volunteers and tutored, mentored, or served more than 3.5 million disadvantaged youth. Below is a listing of 2013 AmeriCorps grants in New Jersey. Category: New Applications Agency Funding Recommended Slots Recommended Focus Areas Areas Affected By Project The United Way of Monmouth County $266,000 35 Disaster Services/Veterans & Military Families Monmouth and Ocean counties Somerset Hills YMCA $133,143 38 Healthy Futures/Economic Opportunity Somerset County Jewish Renaissance Foundation $205,467 23 Education/Capacity Building Middlesex County Category: Re-Competing Grants Agency Funding Recommended Slots Recommended Focus Areas Areas Affected By Project NJ Dept. of Environmental Protection $260,000 20 Environment Statewide – all watersheds Montclair State University $265,883 20 Education/Environment/ Capacity Building Essex, Sussex, Passaic, Morris and Union counties Category: Grant Continuations Agency Funding Recommended Slots Recommended Focus Areas Areas Affected By Project Boys and Girls Clubs in NJ $195,208 44 Education/Capacity Building Statewide Enable, Inc. $129,931 18 Capacity Building Mercer, Middlesex, Monmouth and Somerset counties Great Oaks Charter School $121,000 10 Education City of Newark Jersey Cares $131,575 10 Capacity Building Statewide NJ Coalition Against Sexual Assault $133,000 12 Education/Capacity Building Bergen, Burlington, Hunterdon, Middlesex, Mercer and Warren counties NJ Community Development Corporation $266,000 20 Education/Healthy Futures City of Paterson St. Paul's Community Development Corp. $264,803 33 Education/Healthy Futures/Economic Opportunity City of Paterson The College of NJ, Bonner Leaders $235,933 50 Education/Healthy Futures/Economic Opportunity Mercer and Middlesex counties The Salvation Army $187,680 34 Education/Disaster Services Cities of Newark and East Orange United Way of Central Jersey $120,419 10 Education Middlesex County and Franklin Twp. In Somerset County Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate