Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-0110.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 10, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey’s Complete Count Commission Meets, Focuses on Increased Participation for 2020 Census TRENTON, N.J. - On Wednesday, January 9, 2019, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way chaired the first meeting of the New Jersey Complete Count Commission at the War Memorial in Trenton, New Jersey. The Commission was established by a bill signed into law by the Governor on August 24, 2018, and tasked with developing, recommending, and assisting in the administration of a census outreach strategy to encourage full participation in the 2020 federal decennial census. “A fair and accurate census is the most fundamental measure of democracy in our State,” said Governor Murphy . “Despite efforts across the country to suppress an accurate count, New Jersey has begun the hard work of ensuring full participation and avoiding undercounting in communities.” “As chairperson of the Commission, I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure New Jerseyans are counted,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “This is of paramount importance as the census will determine congressional representation and the allocation of billions of dollars in federal funding for services within our communities. It is a formidable task, but we are determined to see the Garden State receives its fair share.” The Commission is tasked with creating a strategy to ensure an accurate and complete count of New Jersey’s population with a particular focus on hard-to-count populations including African Americans, Hispanics or Latinos, Asian Americans, non-native English speakers, the homeless and indigent, college students, children under age 5, men aged 18 – 49, and the elderly, among others. The 27-member commission represents various municipalities, civic and community organizations, and other groups from across the Garden State. In addition, no more than 14 members of the bipartisan commission can come from the same political party. At Wednesday’s meeting, Way administered the oath of office to the commissioners and Jeff Behler, Regional Director, U.S. Census Bureau, gave a presentation on the role of Complete Count Committees and discussed census confidentiality, the citizenship question, and hard-to-count community outreach. The Commission’s intent is to submit a report to Governor Murphy within six months of its organizing meeting and then a final report no later than June 30, 2019. The commission members include: The Hon. Tahesha Way, Chair The Hon. Jon Bramnick The Hon. Nia Gill The Hon. Verlina Reynolds Jackson The Hon. Yvonne Lopez The Hon. Gabriela M. Mosquera The Hon. Nilsa Cruz-Perez The Hon. Nellie Pou Theodore Conrad Len Preston The Hon. Douglas R. Cabana The Hon. James L. Cassella Reverend Kenneth Darryl Ray Clayton Sara Z. Cullinane, Esq. Eileen De Freece-Wilson The Hon. Maura R. DeNicola Maria Bonita Duncan Reva Foster Gail B. Gordon, Esq. George Gore Michael E. Greene, Esq. Stacy A. Johnson Laura E. Matos Gualberto (Gil) Medina Mary L. Rivera Michele N. Siekerka, Esq. Terry Tucker Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate