Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2014-05a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 2014, Museum Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey’s World’s Fair History, Innovation Highlighted in New Exhibit Opening June 21st TRENTON, N.J. – The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of New Jersey on Display , an exciting new exhibition chronicling New Jersey’s involvement in seven world’s fairs held between 1876 and 1964. At these spectacular, international events, New Jersey promoted itself to the world by juxtaposing its revolutionary past with a modern, innovative present and promise for the future. The exhibit features the stories of pioneering entrepreneurs such as Thomas Edison, the Roebling Family, and David Sarnoff, who promoted their products at world’s fairs, as well as political innovators, including Alice Paul, who used the world’s fair phenomenon as a platform to earn women the right to vote. NJ on Display opens June 21 and runs through January 4, 2015 in the Museum’s Riverside Gallery. The exhibition was developed as part of this year’s celebration of New Jersey’s 350th birthday; the anniversary of the English land grant creating “New Jersey.” The state is celebrating with the themes of Innovation, Diversity and Liberty. “After its founding in 1895, the Museum became a repository for a number of objects exhibited at these events.” said Anthony Gardener, NJSM Executive Director. “Telling the story of how New Jersey was represented at world’s fairs over time is a natural extension of our collections and highlights New Jersey’s long history of innovation, diversity and liberty.” The Museum’s Cultural History Curator, Nicholas Ciotola, will be leading guided tours of the new exhibition as part of the featured activities of NJ350: A Capital Celebration, being held on June 22. For more information on June 22 festival and the year-long celebration visit www.officialnj350.com . At world’s fairs, New Jersey also promoted itself as an innovator in the decorative arts. The exhibition is the first to reunite four stellar examples of New Jersey’s ceramic arts – the monumental porcelain vases created by the Trenton Pottery company for the Saint Louis World’s Fair – all designed, fired, painted, glazed, and gilded in New Jersey. After the fair ended, the vases became separated and one, the Woodland Vase, went missing and was presumed lost for 107 years. Discovered at auction in California in 2011, the vase was immediately purchased by the Trenton City Museum. The other vases as owned by the New Jersey State Museum, the Newark Museum, and the Brooklyn Museum. New Jersey on Display will also reunite Isaac Broome’s much-heralded Baseball Vase – a decorative arts masterpiece in the permanent collection of the NJSM – with its identical twin, now housed in the collection of the Detroit Historical Museum. Commissioned by the Trenton ceramics firm Ott & Brewer, the pair of magnificent parian porcelain vases first went on display to the world at the 1876 Centennial in Philadelphia. The exhibition also features light-hearted world’s fair trivia, such as who really invented the “Ferris” wheel, the discovery of the ice cream cone, and the origin of Hires Root Beer – all of which are connected to the Garden State. The Museum is open six days a week from 9:00 am – 4:45 pm; closed Mondays and state holidays. For more information about the New Jersey State Museum, its collections and special exhibits, visit www.statemuseum.nj.gov or call 609-292-6464. About the New Jersey State Museum Established in 1895, the New Jersey State Museums serves the life-long educational needs of residents and visitors through its collections, exhibitions, programs, publications and scholarships in science, history and the arts. Within a broad context, the Museum explores the natural and cultural diversity of New Jersey, past and present. The New Jersey State Museum is accredited by the American Alliance of Museums. The New Jersey State Museum, located at 205 West State Street in Trenton, is open Tuesday through Sunday from 9 am to 4:45 pm. The Museum is closed Mondays and all state holidays. For more information, please visit the Museum’s website at www.statemuseum.nj.gov or call the recorded information line at (609) 292-6464. On weekends, free parking is available in lots adjacent to and behind the Museum. Please visit www.trentonparking.com for a number of options for parking in downtown Trenton during the week. About the Friends of the New Jersey State Museum The Friends of the New Jersey State Museum was founded in 1968 as a non-profit 501(c)(3) to support the Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs through fundraising, volunteerism, advocacy and marketing. Through the Friends, the State Museum has received generous support for its exhibitions and programs from the AT&T, the New Jersey Historical Commission; NJM Insurance Company; and the PNC Foundation. The Friends also operate a gift shop selling merchandise related to the Museum's exhibitions and New Jersey history and culture. Proceeds support the Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate