Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-1005.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 5, 2020, NJ BAC Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Announces $1M In Funding to Expand Small Business Exporting The U.S. Small Business Administration’s STEP Program Awards N.J. $1 Million to Increase Export Sales for Small Businesses Trenton, NJ – The New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center has announced today that it has been awarded $1 million in federal funds from the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) through the State Trade Expansion Program (STEP) for a program that supports small-business owners looking to export goods. The state’s successful New Jersey STEP (NJSTEP) program has been awarded funding for eight consecutive years. This year’s funding is the largest in the program’s history, ranking the amount as the second highest awarded to any state. The program has previously assisted hundreds of businesses, leading to millions of dollars in export sales around the world. “New Jersey’s diverse small business community is the foundation of the Garden State’s economy,” said New Jersey secretary of state, Tahesha Way. “The SBA award will help businesses who might otherwise not have the resources to sell their goods and services overseas, especially in today’s challenging trade environment.” Consistent with previous years, 100 percent of the NJ STEP program funds will be awarded to eligible small businesses to help offset costs related to participation in foreign trade missions, international trade shows and exhibitions and services provided by the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Commercial Service. Other activities that qualify include foreign language translation for websites, marketing materials and export training workshops. Grants are awarded to eligible companies on a first-come, first-serve competitive basis. “The award will help New Jersey’s small businesses reach international audiences,” said New Jersey Business Action Center executive director Melanie Willoughby. “If you are a business owner who has already realized the potential of a global market or an entrepreneur seeking to increase sales and profit by taking your business worldwide, we encourage you to explore this opportunity.” Now in its eighth year, the New Jersey State Trade Expansion Program (NJSTEP) has helped businesses like Spectraspray Global reach new markets around the world. This Montville-based, spray vitamin company works to support the health and wellness needs of travelers. Using NJSTEP funds, the company was able to attend trade shows in Singapore and New Orleans to reach their target audience, resulting in international awareness and an increase of sales. “The STEP Grant program has allowed Spectraspray Global to reach foreign markets, improving our ability to land accounts and increase business,” says Janet Ryan, founder of Spectraspray Global. “The STEP grant allows serious small companies to compete with the marketing budgets of larger companies who take things like a trade show budget for granted.” Another recipient of a NJSTEP financial award is SPEX CertiPrep, a Metuchen-based manufacturer of Certified Reference Materials, used in testing levels of pesticides in organic foods, among other things. The funds paved the way for the company to attend an international trade show in 2019, securing a sizeable order with an international company. “The STEP Grant has been a contributing factor to our growth,” said Kevin McKeown, SPEX CertiPrep’s vice president of sales “The international trade show we attended gave our company exposure to potential customers from Dubai, Vietnam and other parts of the Middle East and Asia. Getting out in front of people helps you develop contacts and sell products.” The NJ STEP is administered by the New Jersey Business Action Center’s (NJBAC) Office of Export Promotion, both housed within the New Jersey Department of State. To apply for the NJSTEP program, visit the organization’s website at https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/bac-njstep.shtml or call 1 800 JERSEY 7. About the New Jersey Business Action Center Operating under the leadership of Executive Director Melanie Willoughby, the New Jersey Business Action Center, housed within the New Jersey Department of State, is a business-first resource. NJBAC offers no-cost, confidential assistance to help businesses grow. The team helps companies of all sizes save time and money by getting answers from government agencies, directing businesses to appropriate officials and contacts, and facilitating meetings and follow-ups from regulatory agencies. For further information, call 1-800-JERSEY-7, visit https://nj.gov/state/bac/bac.shtml or follow up on Twitter at @NJ_BAC. About the U.S. Small Business AdministrationM The U.S. Small Business Administration makes the American dream of business ownership a reality. As the only go-to resource and voice for small businesses backed by the strength of the federal government, the SBA empowers entrepreneurs and small business owners with the resources and support they need to start, grow or expand their businesses, or recover from a declared disaster. It delivers services through an extensive network of SBA field offices and partnerships with public and private organizations. To learn more visit www.sba.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate