Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2012-0425.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 25, 2012 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Tourism’s “Spin-To-Win Sweepstakes” Highlights Popular Destinations Around The Garden State TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism is offering visitors an opportunity to win prizes to some of the State’s exciting attractions and destinations. Now through May 23, New Jersey’s “Spin-to-Win Sweepstakes” features prizes through partnerships with venues throughout New Jersey. Consumers can enter the sweepstakes through New Jersey Tourism’s homepage at www.visitnj.org or on Facebook at www.facebook.com/VisitNewJersey . Visitors to visitnj.org will experience a clean, revamped design that features an interactive slide show of classic Jersey images. Information on featured destinations, travel deals, assistance planning your trip, interests and an events calendar can also be found. “In New Jersey, we’re working to tell consumers about New Jersey’s unique variety of extraordinary value-based vacation choices. The sweepstakes highlights the diversity of the State’s exciting destinations, while also providing visitors with an opportunity to experience the real New Jersey,” said Grace Hanlon, Executive Director of the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism. New Jersey’s “Spin to Win” Sweepstakes offers a diverse variety of packages and prizes to winners, a total of 45 to be awarded and one grand prize winner. Since the sweepstakes launched in early April, Internet analytics reveal a significant increase in “likes” to the “Visit New Jersey” Facebook page - nearly 4,000 in just two weeks! Prizes include: 15 all-day passes for two to Steel Pier, 10 all-day passes for five to Jenkinson's Boardwalk featuring amusements, an aquarium, mini golf, beach access and fun house in Pt. Pleasant, 5 passes for two to Six Flags Great Adventure Theme Park in Jackson, 15 all-access passes for two to Mountain Creek Waterpark in Vernon, and One grand prize for a three day, two night stay at Resorts Casino Hotel in Atlantic City for four, with tickets to an entertainment show of choice and $250 in dinner vouchers. The www.visitnj.org web site continues to see growth, with visits to the site up 53% from this time last year. Activity metrics have seen significant increases across the board, continuing to reflect an interest in summer vacation planning. Visitors to the site have shown an increased interest in wineries, hotels/motels and the Jersey Shore. Tourism remains a critical economic engine for the State of New Jersey. In 2011, visitors spent $38 billion on their visits to the Garden State and domestic visits to New Jersey jumped 14.6 percent, representing an increase in domestic trip volume from roughly 68 million visitors in 2010 to 80 million visitors in 2011. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate