Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-1016.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 16, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJBAC Launches the Cannabis Training Academy Educational Hub for Current & Aspiring Cannabis Business Owners (Trenton, NJ) — The NJ Department of State’s New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), with designation and support from the New Jersey Cannabis Regulatory Commission (NJ-CRC), has developed the Cannabis Training Academy (CTA). This no-cost, online cannabis educational platform aids and educates current and aspiring cannabis business owners as they navigate the process of establishing a licensed and regulatory-compliant cannabis business in New Jersey. Participants in this comprehensive, learner-led program will receive information covering the licensing application process, municipal approval, zoning issues, raising capital, post-licensing topics, and general operations. Conditional conversion support will also be available. “The State of New Jersey is committed to seeing aspiring small business owners succeed in the cannabis industry. The CTA aims to create a well-informed, diverse community of leaders who can take advantage of these new opportunities and contribute to the growth and economic success of their respective neighborhoods and the state overall,” Governor Phil Murphy shared. The program is convenient and fits most schedules because courses are available online and can be completed at the attendee’s pace. In addition to pre-recorded webinars, participants can register to access live, virtual question-and-answer sessions with instructors. They will also be able to participate in future in-person workshops. The first three modules of the CTA program are accessible to anyone over 21 and a New Jersey resident interested in cannabis business development. The CTA is specifically designed to help those who qualify as members of target Impact Zones. Those who live in a CRC-designated Impact Zone, plan to locate their future cannabis business in an Impact Zone, or plan to hire future employees from Impact Zone locations can expand their learning base with an additional seven levels of coursework and more than 60 classes. “Even if a businessperson has had experience working in the cannabis industry, the CTA will be an invaluable and up-to-date resource that will guide them through the process of legal cannabis business management. The insights provided will help entrepreneurs avoid common pitfalls and get their business on the right track from the start,” explained Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, Esq. The Cannabis Training Academy will officially launch on Wednesday, October 16, 2024. Entrepreneurs that are New Jersey residents over 21 who are interested in participating should visit nj.gov/state/bac/cannabis-training/about for more information and to register. About the Cannabis Training Academy The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), housed in the New Jersey Department of State, has been designated by the New Jersey Cannabis Regulatory Commission (NJ CRC) to build and launch the Cannabis Training Academy (CTA), a no-cost technical assistance, training and mentorship program that supports local cannabis entrepreneurs who wish to apply for a cannabis license in New Jersey. To learn more, visit: https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/cannabis-training Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate