Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-war-memorial.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - War Memorial Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules War Memorial Statutes NJSA 52:18A-212 Findings, declarations relative to the Trenton War Memorial NJSA 52:18A-213 Title vested in State NJSA 52:18A-214 Jurisdiction of the Department of the Treasury; Department of State NJSA 52:18A-215 Funds; fees; uses NJSA 52:18A-216 War Memorial Fund NJSA 52:18A-212 Findings, declarations relative to the Trenton War Memorial 1. The Legislature finds and declares that the Trenton War Memorial building is a cultural, historic and artistic asset to the citizens of New Jersey and is used for activities, performances and official convocations by organizations, groups and public agencies from throughout the State. The promotion, operation, restoration and maintenance of the War Memorial building is, therefore, in the public interest of the State and the best means to achieve this end is by ownership and operation of the building and lands by the State. It is also in the public interest of the State that the use privileges accorded veterans' organizations to space within the facility prior to the effective date of P.L.2003, 149 will be continued. The Legislature also finds and declares that the State will have the ability to present and promote programs of its own selection at the War Memorial building in order to make the facility's schedule of events moreresponsive to the interests of State, local and regional residents while not limiting use of the facility by New Jersey organizations, community groups and public agencies. L.1988,c.116,s.1; amended 2003, c.149, s.1. NJSA 52:18A-213. Title vested in State 2. Title or interest in any lands, buildings, facilities, furnishings or equipment heretofore acquired by, conveyed or transferred to, the Trenton and Mercer County Memorial Building Commission established pursuant to R.S.40:10-3 et seq., repealed, shall be vested in the State of New Jersey and, notwithstanding any other provision of law to the contrary, the State shall hold title or interest therein, and shall be the owner thereof. L.1988,c.116,s.2; amended 2003, c.149, s.2. NJSA 52:18A-214. Jurisdiction of the Department of the Treasury; Department of State 3. The Trenton War Memorial shall fall within the jurisdiction of the Department of the Treasury for the purposes of restoration, repair and maintenance of the facility, including the lands and improvements incident thereto. The Trenton War Memorial shall fall within the jurisdiction of the Department of State for purposes of operating the facility and promoting and presenting programs at the facility that will advance the cultural, artistic and ceremonial needs and interests of the citizens of the State, consistent with the Legislature's findings and declarations set forth in section 1 of P.L.1988, c.116 (C.52:18A-212). In the execution of their responsibilities, the Department of the Treasury and the Department of State, consistent with the scope of their respective jurisdictions, shall be empowered to contract with qualified entities, which may include, but not be limited to other departments, agencies or authorities of the State, independent contractors, nonprofit corporations, professional management firms, artists, performers, agents representing artists and performers, associated vendors and other individuals possessing expertise of the type necessary to assure the well-being of the facility and the accomplishment of the purposes and objectives set forth in P.L.1988, c.116 (C.52:18A-212 et seq.). L.1988,c.116,s.3; amended 2003, c.149, s.3. NJSA 52:18A-215. Funds; fees; uses 4. a. Any entity may, with the written authorization of the Secretary of State and written notice to the State Treasurer, solicit and raise funds and accept funds from any public or private source for any of the purposes and objectives set forth in P.L.1988, c.116 (C.52:18A-212 et seq.). The State or any political subdivision of the State may appropriate moneys to the Department of State or any other department, agency or authority for such purposes or objectives which may include otherwise eligible general obligation bond funds. Any entity authorized under P.L.1988, c.116 (C.52:18A-212 et seq.) to contract for the management of the facility may, with the written approval of the State Treasurer and the Secretary of State, levy fees or charges for the use of the facility. b. All proceeds received by the Department of State from operation of the Trenton War Memorial and presentation of programs at the Trenton War Memorial, as well as all moneys received from fund-raising activities, donations, appropriations, or fees and charges shall be immediately deposited into the War Memorial Fund established by section 5 of P.L.1988, c.116 (C.52:18A-216), and disbursed for costs associated with any purpose or objective provided by P.L.1988, c.116 (C.52:18A-212 et seq.), including, but not limited to the presentation of other performing arts programs, performers' fees, advertising and promotion, equipment purchase and rental, stage workers, ushers, ticket takers and security, unless the State Treasurer provides for alternative treatment of those funds. L.1988,c.116,s.4; amended 2003, c.149, s.4. NJSA 52:18A-216. War Memorial Fund There is created a War Memorial Fund in the custody and control of the State Treasurer which shall be the repository for all moneys required to be deposited therein. Moneys held in the fund shall be disbursed by the State Treasurer for the purposes provided by this act in the manner required by law. The State Treasurer may invest or reinvest any moneys in the fund, or any portion thereof, according to law, but any income from, interest on, or increment to moneys so invested shall remain in the fund. Investment of such funds shall be consistent with policies of the Division of Investment. P.L. 1988, c. 116, s. 5. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate