Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0731.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 31, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Races towards America’s 250th Hosts a series of 5K runs and family-fun walks at historic sites around the state TRENTON, NJ – America’s 250th anniversary is coming in 2026, and New Jersey is racing to meet it. RevolutionNJ, the state’s official partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution to commemorate the semiquincentennial, is hosting a series of 5K races and one-mile family fun walks at historic sites across New Jersey. The first of the series will occur on August 10th at Monmouth Battlefield State Park – the site of one of the longest battles of the American Revolution. Those who participate in the 5K race will receive a t-shirt, commemorative magnet, and a finisher’s medal. There will also be awards for the top three fastest runners in each ten-year age category. Non-runners are encouraged to join the one-mile family fun walk. Participants who register for the family fun walk will receive a t-shirt and commemorative magnet. They will also have the chance to enjoy unique historical activities at each site. “I hope all New Jerseyans will take advantage of this fun opportunity to learn about our past while enjoying New Jersey’s wonderful parks and historical areas,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way who oversees the New Jersey Historical Commission in her role as New Jersey’s Secretary of State. Future race locations include Princeton Battlefield State Park on September 8th, East Jersey Old Town Village on October 13th, and Historic Greenwich Township on November 9th. Those who complete all four races will receive a special commemorative medal. “The RevolutionNJ Race Series is one of the many ways that RevolutionNJ is fostering a multigenerational commemoration of the 250th,” said Sara Cureton, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission. “We hope everyone finds a place in the festivities, whether they are an avid historian, recreational runner, or a family looking for ways to get outside on the weekend.” “This racing series is a perfect example of the importance of New Jersey’s historical sites both as places to learn about our past and as locations to support communities’ health and well-being,” said Carrie Fellows, executive director of Crossroads of the American Revolution. “We think this type of creative historical event is vital to New Jersey’s heritage tourism industry, but just as importantly, they are good fun.” For more information about the RevolutionNJ Race Series, visit https://bit.ly/RevNJRace . Keep up with news and updates concerning RevolutionNJ by joining the newsletter and following @revolutionnj on Instagram and facebook.com/revolutionnj . About RevolutionNJ Created through state legislation in 2018, RevolutionNJ is a partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution Association to plan the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate