Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0515.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 15, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way Releases Educational Election Video Series Video Series Helps Voters Better Understand Election Process Trenton, N.J. – New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way has released the first in a series of animated educational videos designed to explain the voting and election process to New Jersey citizens. The first set of videos from the series debuts today and provides an overview to the entire series that will cover topics such as voter registration, the three ways to vote in New Jersey, tabulation of votes, and election certification. To view and share the videos, click here . “It is extremely important to build trust in the election process and remove any mystery for citizens who want to better understand how the system works,” said Secretary Way, whose animated avatar appears in the introductory video. “This video series will answer questions voters may have and provide a fun and informative method for understanding New Jersey’s elections.” The videos, each of which range in length from 90 seconds to three minutes long, can be found on the New Jersey Division of Elections’ website VOTE.NJ.GOV and the Division of Elections’ social media feeds. Assistant Secretary of State Lauren Zyriek Enriquez, who serves as Acting Director of the New Jersey Division of Elections, has led the effort to develop the series as part of the Division’s focus on voter education. “As voters continued to be exposed to and even targeted by incorrect election information, it is vital that election officials communicate the facts about how our elections work,” said Assistant Secretary Zyriek Enriquez. “This video series will share everything New Jersey voters need to know to trust and participate in our elections.” Secretary Way encourages county and local election officials to incorporate the video series in their own voter education programming. The Division of Elections will be working with students, civic groups, and other election stakeholders to ensure the series reaches as many New Jersey voters as possible. “We hope these videos will be a fun and effective way for voters to learn more about the elections process in New Jersey,” said Secretary Way. “We want to make sure that voters are receiving and sharing information like this directly from trusted official sources like the Division of Elections or our county and local election officials.” For full details on the June 6 Primary Election, visit VOTE.NJ.GOV , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate