Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0320.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - March 20, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State MGM’s ‘A Good Person’ Premieres in Theaters on March 24 Drama filmed entirely in Essex, Morris, Passaic, and Union counties in 26 days NEWARK, NJ – New Jersey native Zach Braff returned home to shoot his upcoming feature film, A Good Person. Written and directed by Braff, the movie tells the story of Allison, whose life falls apart following her involvement in a fatal accident. A Good Person is executive produced by Beverly Rogers and will be released in theaters March 24th. Braff is best known for portraying J.D. on the long-running NBC/ABC television series Scrubs. He made his directorial debut in New Jersey with the rom-com Garden State (2004), which he also starred in with Natalie Portman. That movie was filmed on location in Cranford, Dumont, Mahwah, Morris Township, South Orange, Tenafly, and Wallington. A Good Person stars Florence Pugh, Morgan Freeman, Molly Shannon, Chinaza Uche, Celeste O'Connor, and Jackie Hoffman. It was shot throughout North Jersey, at such locations as Colonial Pharmacy, Rabkin Drive and Van Houten Avenue in Clifton, the now closed Pastime Bar in Elizabeth, the athletic field of Columbia High School in Maplewood (Braff’s alma mater), Loyola Jesuit Center in Morristown, Carmita Avenue in Rutherford, the South Orange Duck Pond, the South Orange Train Station and Prospect Street in South Orange, and at the intersection of Mississippi and Harrison Ave in West Orange. Montclair State University was used as a basecamp for the filming of the movie. Killer Films and MGM, the producers, spent $11 million in New Jersey and hired 194 cast and crew members for the filming of A Good Person according to Michael Uslan, Chairman of the NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission. A Good Person is one of many projects recently attracted to the state by the New Jersey Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program, whichoffers a tax credit for qualified productions filming here. In 2022, production work enhanced the local economy by more than $650 million and created thousands of jobs. “We’re thrilled that Zach Braff decided to shoot his third feature film in his home state, casting New Jersey as the lead character,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “Not only did many towns enjoy an economic benefit from the filming of this project, they’re also benefiting from the image enhancement of seeing familiar locations on the big screen.” About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate