Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0630b.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 30, 2021, Museum Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey State Museum Set to Reopen Mid-July TRENTON, NJ - The New Jersey State Museum is excited to announce that it will reopen for public visitation in mid-July. Closed in March 2020 due to the pandemic, the Museum will open for Member early access starting Tuesday, July 20. The Public is welcome back on Saturday, July 24. The State Museum, following applicable state and federal health and safety guidelines, is prioritizing staff and visitor health and safety as it continues its commitment to being a trusted resource for shared cultural and natural heritage. To that end, masks will be required for all visitors over the age of two, and social distancing is encouraged. An assortment of fun, family friendly events and activities will be offered to welcome guests back into the buildings. The main Museum building will be open from 9:00 am to 4:45 pm (galleries begin closing at 4:30 pm), Tuesday through Sunday; and the Auditorium galleries are open Tuesday through Friday from 9 am to 4 pm. The Museum is closed to the public on Mondays and State Holidays. On Saturday and Sunday, July 24 and 25, visitors are invited to enjoy discounted Planetarium shows, curator-led gallery tours, hands-on activities outdoor on the Museum plaza, and story time on the lawn for our youngest guests and their families. Guests will also receive a free 24 oz. water bottle, one per person, while supplies last. Planetarium shows will be discounted $2 off all tickets, all weekend. Four shows will be offered each day at 12 noon,1, 2 and 3 pm. Visit the Museum website (www.statemuseum.nj.gov) for show titles and descriptions. In addition to enjoying a Planetarium show, we encourage guests to participate in a gallery tour to hear directly from our experts on the new additions to the exhibitions that have taken place while the building has been closed. On Saturday, July 24 at 2 pm visitors can drop in for a short tour of the changes to the “Written in the Rocks” exhibition, led by David Parris, Curator of Natural History, which highlights the installation of the nearly complete Hyposaurus skeleton, a pre-historic crocodilian that lived in what is now Gloucester County, NJ about 65 million years ago. It was previously on view in the exhibition “Jersey Crocs Rule.” On Sunday, July 25 at 2 pm visitors can drop by for a tour of changes to American Perspectives: The Fine Art Collection galleries led by Margaret O’Reilly, Museum Executive Director/Curator of Fine Art. Presented in a chronological format, these galleries feature selections from the Museum’s fine art collection which often reflect the times in which the works were made. Changes in Gallery 10 (2000-present) and Gallery 9 (1980s-2000) were brought on by new acquisitions in the past few years. One of the newest works is a standing wood and mixed media figure by the late sculptor Jonathan Shahn (1928-2020) in Gallery 9. We are thrilled to have a painting of the sculptor by Mel Leipzig (b.1935) in Gallery 10. Amazingly, the painting shows not just Shahn, but his sculpture which is on view in the adjacent gallery! We can’t wait for visitors, particularly the young people who visit, to realize that what they are seeing in the painting is on view nearby! The short term exhibition “Fine Feathered Friends: Birds as Mainstay and Muse,” which had opened just a short while before the Museum closed, will be open for viewing. Also continuing on view will be “Preserving the Pinelands: Albert Horner’s Portraits of a National Treasure,” which features the often ethereal and stunningly beautiful photographs of New Jersey’s Pinelands along with Pinelands-related artifacts and specimens. The young (and young at heart!) can participate in several self-directed outdoor activities, including sidewalk chalk art, creating a paper “quilt” square to be added the displayed community quilt, and Story Time under the Sycamore with the Museum’s Early Learning Coordinator Kerry Scott at 10:30 am and 1:30 pm. Museum Members will enjoy Early Access and special free programming starting July 20. Members visiting between July 20 and the morning of July 24 will be able to select one free “take and make” craft kit per person along with a free water bottle. July 20 through the 23, members can also reserve a complimentary boxed lunch. Each day of Early Access, Members may participate in a curator-led gallery tour followed by a free Planetarium show. Members with children in their group can experience hands-on learning with the gallery activity cart; each day’s theme will be an extension of the day’s gallery tour. The tour and Planetarium show will be different each day; Members will receive an email with complete details. Become a member today and enjoy Early Access and the other perks of supporting the Museum. Visit https://www.nj.gov/state/museum/support-membership.shtml. The Museum Shop will re-open for in person shopping as well. The Shop’s online shopping portal will remain active and can be accessed from the Shop tab on the Museum website. For additional information, visit www.statemuseum.nj.gov , like the Museum’s Facebook page (@NJStateMuseum), follow us on Twitter (njstatemuseum), and Instagram (nj_statemuseum). About the New Jersey State Museum Located at 205 West State Street in Trenton, the New Jersey State Museum encompasses three buildings including a state-of-the-art Planetarium and holds over 2 million artifacts in its collections in Archaeology/Ethnography, Cultural History, Fine Art and Natural History. The New Jersey State Museum is a center for the exploration of science, history and the arts. We preserve and share stories that inspire curiosity and creativity for the enrichment of our communities. About the New Jersey State Museum Foundation The New Jersey State Museum Foundation was founded in 1968 as a non-profit 501(c)(3) to support the Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs through fundraising, volunteerism, advocacy and marketing. In recent years, the Foundation has received generous support from the PNC Foundation, NJM Insurance Group, Department of State/New Jersey Historical Commission, Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, James Kerney Foundation, Henry Luce Foundation, Princeton Area Community Foundation, Johnson and Johnson, and Bank of America. The Foundation also operates the Museum membership program, as well as the Museum Shop which sells merchandise related to the Museum's exhibitions and collections, and New Jersey history and culture. Proceeds support the New Jersey State Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate