Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0519.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 19, 2020, NJSCA Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey State Council on the Arts Announces CARES Act Funds for Arts Organizations Federal Funds Help Support Nonprofit Arts Industry Statewide Impacted by COVID-19 The New Jersey State Council on the Arts will distribute $492,700 in federal Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act funds to help preserve jobs and stabilize arts organizations statewide. The announcement was made at the Arts Council's public meeting held virtually earlier today. "My office is working closely with the Council board and staff to understand the ongoing impact of the crisis on the arts," said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. "With the release of these federal CARES Act funds, the Council continues its dedication to providing impactful and thoughtful service to New Jersey's arts sector. The Council is grateful to the Murphy Administration for recognizing that art matters in New Jersey, and for the inclusion of the arts as we look to the future and develop strategies to reopen and rebuild." "The nonprofit arts industry, like so many others, is reeling from the financial and societal impacts of the current crisis,” said Council Chair Elizabeth Mattson. “Health and safety remain the highest priorities as organizations that exist to bring people together, attempt to adapt to restrictions, cancelations, layoffs, refunds and mounting expenses. The innovation we’ve seen from artists and arts organizations speaks volumes about the resiliency to come. And while their creativity may know no limits, these community anchors need support now to be able to weather this storm and survive.” Council Executive Director Allison Tratner remarked, “This CARES Act funding comes at a critical time, and we are grateful the federal government continues to include the arts sector in strategies for recovery. With our partners at the National Endowment for the Arts we will continue to work to get resources out the door quickly. The financial need is tremendous, and our goal is to provide meaningful relief for as many organizations as is responsibly possible.” Last month, the National Endowment for the Arts awarded nearly $30 million in CARES Act funds to the nation's states and territories to ensure broad distribution throughout the country. The Endowment instructed State Arts Agencies, like the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, to regrant the funds to help arts organizations endure the economic hardships caused by the forced closure of their operations due to the spread of COVID-19. As an essential part of our state’s economy and overall quality of life , New Jersey’s arts sector, when it is stable and thriving, employs thousands of people, engages millions, and provides irreplaceable value for communities, families, residents and visitors. The Council has identified nearly 60 nonprofit arts organizations and 21 County Arts Agencies as eligible to receive the CARES Act funds. This swift and strategic distribution will ensure the funds reach organizations of varying sizes, touching communities throughout the state. View the list of organizations and county arts agencies here . Chair Mattson expressed gratitude for the Murphy Administration’s ongoing, clear guidance and support. She commended essential workers and pointed to the 24/7 resources for health and safety available at NJ.gov thanks to the thousands of public service sector professionals. About the New Jersey State Council on the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council receives direct appropriations from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated, renewable Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee, as well as competitive grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. To learn more about the Council, please visit www.artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate