Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/planning/state-plan/development/index.shtml

Update to State Development and Redevelopment Plan Skip to Content Office of Planning Advocacy Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close Department of State Office of Planning Advocacy The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Update to State Development and Redevelopment Plan The New Jersey State Development and Redevelopment Plan (SDRP), or State Plan, is in the process of being updated. The update is overseen by the Office of Planning Advocacy (OPA) staff and the State Planning Commission (SPC). The SPC approved the Preliminary State Development and Redevelopment Plan, or Preliminary State Plan, on December 4 and was released on December 6. To access the Preliminary State Plan click here. To access the CA Manual click here. To access the February 2025 County Public Meeting schedule click here . In case of inclement weather, information regarding meeting status will be posted here. Once the Preliminary Plan has been released by the SPC, the SPC will conduct a joint public informational meeting in each county. The public meeting schedule will be posted here once the schedule is finalized. The release of the Preliminary State Plan also marks the beginning of the Cross-Acceptance process. Cross-Acceptance is a process of comparing statewide planning policies at government levels to attain a high level of consistency among municipal, county, regional, and State plans and the State Plan. Through this process, the various stakeholders can partner to create a more meaningful and viable State Plan to ensure municipal, county, and regional master plans are taken into consideration during the process. The Negotiating Entity is a vital part of the process. A Negotiating Entity is a participating county, or any entity designated by the SPC should a county decline to be the Negotiating Entity. Each Negotiating Entity is required to submit a draft work program which will outline their public participation process. Every participating municipality will submit a Cross-acceptance Response Template which will be submitted to the Negotiating Entity. The Negotiating Entity then compiles and summarizes the information received from the municipalities regarding their local plans and policies. Following the submission of each Response Template to the SPC, OPA will meet with the negotiating entities to compile the “Statement of Agreements and Disagreements.” This list will be compiled for each county. Upon consideration of the formal reports of the negotiating entities, the draft Final State Development and Redevelopment Plan, the Infrastructure Needs Assessment, the Impact Assessment, and the Statement of Agreements and Disagreements are prepared. Six public hearings will be held. After this process, the State Planning Commission shall consider the adoption of the final State Development and Redevelopment Plan, or Final State Plan. The Final State Plan is tentatively scheduled for distribution in Late Fall 2025. The State Plan will reflect current planning principles and best practices in the areas of land use, transportation, housing, environmental protection and enhancement, economic development, provision of public infrastructure, historic preservation, social justice, and adaptation to global climate change. Once it is finalized, State agencies implement the SDRP through their functional plans, investment priorities, and administrative rules, while local governments implement it through their planning objectives. The State Plan is not designed to overrule, negate, or interfere with existing plans or regulations in communities, but it is intended to provide guidance and foster collaboration among stakeholders. The Goals of the updated SDRP are: Promote Economic Growth that Benefits all Residents of New Jersey Provide an Adequate Supply of Housing For Residents of All Ages and Incomes in Communities of Their Choosing That Meet Their Needs and Offer Ready Access to the Full Range of Supportive Goods and Services Economic Opportunity Through nation-leading Infrastructure Revitalize and Recenter the State’s Underutilized Developed Areas Effectively Address the Adverse Impacts of Global Climate Change Protect, Maintain, and Restore the State’s Natural and Water Resources and Ecosystems Protect the Environment; Prevent and Clean Up Pollution Protect, Enhance, and Improve Access to Areas with Exceptional Archeological, Historic, Cultural, Scenic, Open Space, and Recreational Value Implement Equitable Planning Practices to Promote Thriving Communities for all New Jerseyans Foster Sound and Integrated Planning and Implementation at all Levels Statewide You are welcome to share your comments and input on the update by filling out this survey or by emailing stateplan.comments@sos.nj.gov . Have a question for the Office of Planning Advocacy? CONTACT US Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate