Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-1104.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - November 4, 2021, SOS Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NEW JERSEY SECRETARY OF STATE AND DIVISION OF ELECTIONS PROVIDE IMPORTANT DATES ON ELECTION RESULTS CERTIFICATION PROCESS TRENTON, N.J., Nov. 4, 2021 – In an effort to ensure the public and media have a comprehensive understanding of the vote-counting and election-certification process, The New Jersey Secretary of State and the Division of Elections are providing the following information regarding the 2021 election: “New Jersey voters had three options to cast a vote in this election: vote by mail, in person early voting, and in person Election Day voting,” said New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “County election officials are working diligently to ensure all votes are counted. Once all votes have been counted, the counties will provide the results to the state in order to certify the 2021 election.” County Clerks report that 956,803 vote-by-mail ballots were mailed to voters and 577,528 ballots have been received to date by County Boards of Elections. A total of 379,275 vote-by-mail ballots are thus far not returned. The following are important upcoming dates in the election process in accordance with state statutes: November 8 Deadline for Receipt of Timely Mailed Postmarked Mail-In Ballots to County Boards of Election – Per state law, vote by mail ballots postmarked by November 2 can still be received and counted through November 8, which is no later than 144 hours (6 days) after the time of the closing of the polls for the election. N.J.S.A. 19:63-22 November 13 Deadline for Receipt of Cure Form to County Boards of Election – no later than 48 hours (2 days) prior to the final certification of the results of the election (an exact deadline date cannot be provided as certification date varies by county) N.J.S.A. 19:63-17 November 15 Meeting of County Board of Canvassers for General Election – 13 days after the election N.J.S.A. 19:19-1; N.J.S.A. 19:19-4; N.J.S.A. 19:19-6 November 20 Deadline for County Clerk to transmit Official General Election Results to the Secretary of State – 5 days after the meeting of the board N.J.S.A. 19:20-6 December 2 Deadline for Meeting of Board of State Canvassers to Certify General Election Results -- on or before the 30th day after election N.J.S.A. 19:21-1 New Jersey has an election audit law and an independent audit team. In compliance with state law, the proposed New Jersey Election Audit Procedure for the November 2, 2021 General Election is available here https://nj.gov/state/assets/pdf/proposed-rules-changes/2021-nj-election-audit-procedure-general-election-1026.pdf In addition to the election certification process, voter’s using the Ballot Tracker tool on the Vote.NJ.Gov website should be aware that a voter's ballot status on the Tracker will be updated by each individual county. The amount of time it takes until updates are posted to the Track My Ballot tool will vary from county to county. Please check back periodically for updates to your ballot status. For full details on the general election process, visit Vote.NJ.Gov , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate