Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-0509.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 9, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Governor Phil Murphy, Secretary of State Tahesha Way Announce Record-Breaking New Jersey Tourism in 2018 Governor Sets Goal to Reach 150 Million Visitors to New Jersey By 2023 TRENTON, NJ - Governor Phil Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way joined members of the New Jersey Tourism Industry Association on Thursday to announce that in 2018, visitation to New Jersey rose to nearly 111 million people, an increase of 7.4 percent from 2017. With a new focus on international travelers, the American Dream project, and Atlantic City’s rebound, state officials are aiming to draw 150 million visitors by 2023. Due to this record-breaking tourism, total spending by visitors to the state reached $44.7 billion, which generated $5 billion in state and local taxes in 2018. “The results released today make clear that New Jersey’s natural landscape, picturesque cities and towns, and abundant shoreline are in a class of their own, and attracting more visitors than ever,” said Governor Murphy. “In the years to come and as this critical industry continues to grow, I look forward to joining families from around the world in enjoying what New Jersey has to offer, supporting the businesses and communities that make our state special.” “From ski recreation to sandy beaches, New Jersey truly has a destination for any discerning traveler,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way, who oversees the Division of Travel and Tourism. “Our tourism industry continues to grow, benefitting businesses, employees, and visitors, and the result is a vibrant industry that generates billions for our economy and our state.” “The New Jersey Tourism Industry Association shares Governor Murphy and Secretary Way’s enthusiasm in recognizing that the tourism industry in New Jersey is essential to our economy and our way of life,” the organization’s President Adam Perle said. “Every day, tourism provides jobs, generates taxes, and spurs economic development. Spanning from the mountains to the shore, farms to cities; our state has many authentic experiences to offer visitors. The New Jersey Tourism Industry Association is proud to collaborate with the Office of the Governor, the Department of State, and the Division of Travel and Tourism on our collective efforts. “ According to The Economic Impact of Tourism in New Jersey Report released today by the Department of State’s Division of Travel and Tourism, visitor spending supported 333,860 jobs in New Jersey. When combined with indirect and induced jobs, tourism sustained more than 531,000 jobs, making tourism the 7th largest employer in New Jersey. In fact, nearly 10 percent of New Jersey’s jobs are supported by tourism. The report found that 2018 marked the ninth straight year that visitor spending increased, growing more than 30 percent since 2009. Other highlights of the annual tourism report include: 2017 visitation numbers were even better than reported, revised from 100.9 million visitors to 103.2 million. Food and beverage and lodging garnered the largest share of visitor spending. Visitor spending surged in Atlantic County. Non-shore counties continued to diversify our tourism spending streams, generating 52 percent of visitor spending. ### The Economic Impact of Tourism in New Jersey Report, prepared by Tourism Economics, can be found in its entirety at www.visitnj.org/new-jersey-tourism-research-and-information . To plan your next day trip, weekend excursion or vacation in New Jersey, check out www.visitnj .org . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate