Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-1022.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 22, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Announces $400K to Support Small Business New to Exporting (Trenton, NJ) — The New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center has announced today that it has been awarded $400,000 in federal funds for the State Trade Expansion Program (STEP) to support new-to-exporting businesses in underserved business communities. The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) received funding for the New Jersey STEP (NJSTEP) program to provide financial awards to the companies on a first come, first served competitive basis. The program is funded in part through a grant with the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA). “This year’s NJSTEP program continues the support of New Jersey companies that are from underserved business communities selling internationally. This includes export resources to Minority, LGBTQ, Woman, and Veteran-owned businesses to develop better access to global markets,” says New Jersey Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the work of the NJBAC in her capacity as Secretary of State. “NJSTEP will help these companies realize foreign sales opportunities, as well as grow jobs in the state.” The state’s successful NJSTEP program has been awarded funding for eleven consecutive years. This year’s funding is focused on expanding the number of new-to-exporting businesses in underserved business communities. The program has previously assisted hundreds of businesses, leading to millions of dollars in export sales around the world. The STEP 9 (2021 – 2023) Grant produced over $55M in revenue and over 1,100 jobs in New Jersey. “Selling into global markets is not only for large or established firms. We are encouraging New Jersey companies from underserved business communities to apply for a NJSTEP grant to support their exporting activities and grow New Jersey jobs,” said New Jersey Business Action Center Executive Director Melanie Willoughby. The NJSTEP is administered by the NJBAC’s Office of Export Promotion, housed within the New Jersey Department of State. The application portal for the NJSTEP program opens October 1. To learn more, visit the organization’s website at nj.gov/state/bac or call 1-800-JERSEY-7. About the New Jersey Business Action Center The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), housed within the New Jersey Department of State and operating under the leadership of Executive Director Melanie Willoughby, is a business-first resource that offers no-cost, confidential assistance to help businesses grow. The team helps companies of all sizes save time and money by getting answers from government agencies, directing businesses to appropriate officials and contacts, and facilitating meetings and follow-ups from regulatory agencies. For further information, call 1-800-JERSEY-7, visit nj.gov/state/bac or visit business.nj.gov and click on the LiveCHAT. About the U.S. Small Business Administration The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) helps Americans start, build, and grow businesses. Created in 1953 as an independent agency of the federal government, the SBA aids, counsels, assists, and protects the interests of small business concerns, preserves free competitive enterprise and maintains and strengthens the overall economy of the country. To learn more visit www.sba.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate