Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0630.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 30, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Business Action Center Hosts State Pavilion at Fancy Food Show, Showcases 12 Garden State Businesses Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) recently hosted the State Pavilion at the annual Summer Fancy Food Show on June 25, 26, and 27 at the Javits Center in New York City. The NJBAC was joined by New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way on June 26 for a ribbon-cutting ceremony to officially welcome guests to the New Jersey Pavilion. Secretary Way delivered opening remarks and took the time to connect with each of the 12 businesses who were sponsored through NJBAC and its Office of Export Promotion (OEP) to showcase their products at the event as NJSTEP clients and grant award recipients. The NJSTEP initiative is sponsored in part by the Small Business Administration (SBA). The 12 underserved businesses meet the criteria set forth by the SBA’s small business communities’ definition, which includes socially and economically disadvantaged, owned or controlled by women, rural, and/or veterans and/or service-connected disabled veteran’s categories. “The Fancy Food Show is a major international event,” said Secretary Way. “The businesses showcased in our state’s pavilion represent more than a variety of consumable products; they demonstrate how NJSTEP creates opportunities for success and business expansion. Thanks to their partnership with NJBAC's OEP and participation in the NJ State Trade Expansion Program, these 12 businesses from across the state have the potential to expand their operations through exports." New Jersey State Pavilion participants included: B'cuz Snacks LLC, Lakewood – vegan, gluten free, non-GMO kosher granola bites Djerdan Burek Corp., South Hackensack – frozen savory pies Fabalish Inc., Carlstadt – organic veggie bits and condiments Flows Tasty Treats, Newark – coconut and peanut snacks Health Enhanced Foods, Inc., Rockaway – natural flour mixes Heno Group, Hamilton – honey water Kekoa Foods, West Orange – organic food purees for children New Nissi Corp., Paterson – nut and seed crunch bars Onset Worldwide LLC, Frenchtown – flour made from watermelon seeds Perfect Line Nutrition, West Orange – peanut, navy bean, and rice health snack Pure Indian Foods Corp., Princeton Junction – ghee Route 66 International Inc., Hackensack – roasted seaweed “NJBAC has helped us more than you can imagine when it comes to growing our business,” said Danny Auld, founder of Kekoa Foods. “We knew there was a market for our product beyond the state, but it felt out of our reach when we initially started. NJBAC and the Office of Export Promotion took our vision for our business and helped us bring it to a wider audience who we know will enjoy and benefit from it.” “The most rewarding part about being a small business owner and being able to share my products with a wider market is the ability to help people with dietary restrictions eat the things they enjoy,” said Caroline Egbelu, founder and managing director of Health Advanced Foods. “As a minority-owned business, it can be difficult to get your foot in the door. NJBAC has helped us by paving the way to countless opportunities and possibilities for our business that we may not have had otherwise – including the chance to exhibit at the Fancy Food Show.” The NJBAC Office of Export Promotion works with small and mid-sized companies interested in expanding sales and their customer base through export, ensuring access to the NJSTEP program for eligible businesses. NJSTEP, funded in part by the Small Business Administration (SBA), provides essential and equitable financial awards on a first-come, first-serve competitive basis, to eligible domestic New Jersey small businesses new to export, as well as those businesses that currently sell their goods and services to other countries. To learn more about the NJBAC Office of Export Promotion, visit NJ Department of State - NJ Business Action Center. To learn more about STEP, visit NJ Department of State - NJ Business Action Center - NJ STEP. The New Jersey Business Action Center serves as the State's liaison to the business community, offering free information, services, and resources across various areas such as business registration, financial programs, regulatory compliance, property selection, workforce training, and more. NJBAC comprises multiple offices, including Small Business, Business Advocacy, Export Promotion, State Planning, and the Motion Picture and Television Commission. Access to NJBAC services is available through NJ DOS - NJ Business Action Center or Business.NJ.gov: Your first stop for doing business in NJ or by calling 1-800-JERSEY-7. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate