Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-nonprofit.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Non-Profit Portal Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Non-Profit Portal Statutes NJSA 52:16A-110 Information for nonprofit organizations provided on the Internet NJSA 52:16A-111 Establishment of formats, icons NJSA 52:16A-112 Cooperation by State departments, agencies NJSA 52:16A-110 Information for nonprofit organizations provided on the Internet 1. a. The Department of State shall maintain in a single accessible location on its designated home website information for nonprofit organizations regarding various resources available to assist them in their daily operations. The information featured shall be updated at least monthly and include, but not be limited to, information regarding: (1) available funding sources offered by the Department of State; (2) relevant eligibility criteria applicable to such funding; (3) incorporation and, to the extent applicable, board development; (4) volunteer opportunities available with or through the Department of State; (5) links to the website pages of the various departments and State agencies that contain the information that such entities must maintain in accordance with this section; and (6) any other information the Secretary of State deems necessary. The website shall be accessible from the Department of State's designated home webpage. b. Each State department or agency that provides resources to nonprofit organizations shall maintain in a single accessible location on its designated home website information regarding various resources available from or through that department or agency to assist those nonprofit organizations in their daily operations. The information featured shall be updated at least monthly and include, but not be limited to, information regarding: (1) available funding sources offered by the department or agency; (2) relevant eligibility criteria applicable to such funding; (3) volunteer opportunities available with or through the department or agency; and (4) any other information the Secretary of State deems necessary. The website shall be accessible from the designated home website of each such department or agency. L.2011, c.73, s.1. NJSA 52:16A-111 Establishment of formats, icons 2. The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Chief Technology Officer, shall establish a standard format and icon for each department and agency to use to display the required information for nonprofit organizations. L.2011, c.73, s.2. NJSA 52:16A-112 Cooperation by State departments, agencies 3. All Executive Branch departments and State agencies are directed to cooperate fully with the Office of the Secretary of State to implement the provisions of this act. L.2011, c.73, s.3. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate