Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-israel-commission.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - NJ Israel Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules NJ Israel Commission Statutes NJSA 52:16A-104 Findings, declarations relative to establishing the "New Jersey-Israel Commission" as permanent. NJSA 52:16A-105 New Jersey-Israel Commission deemed permanent; membership, vacancies, compensation, meetings. NJSA 52:16A-106 Designation of chairpersons, subcommittee chairpersons; quorum. NJSA 52:16A-107 Purpose of New Jersey-Israel Commission. NJSA 52:16A-108 Authority of New Jersey-Israel Commission. NJSA 52:16A-109 Consistent provisions of Executive Orders remain in force, effect. NJSA 52:16A-104 Findings, declarations relative to establishing the "New Jersey-Israel Commission" as permanent 1. The Legislature finds and declares: a. On April 25, 1988, in commemoration of the 40th anniversary of the founding of the State of Israel, the State of New Jersey entered into a Sister State Agreement with Israel as a symbol of the potential for cooperation that exists between our two states; and b. The agreement calls for the development of trade and cultural and educational exchanges, in addition to encouraging the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and c. On May 31, 1989, the State of New Jersey established the New Jersey-Israel Commission as a temporary commission by Executive Order No. 208 of Governor Thomas H. Kean to enhance New Jersey's ability to implement the stated goals of the agreement; and d. The commission was continued by Executive Orders Nos. 35 and 90 of Governor James J. Florio through and including May 31, 1995; and e. The commission was continued by Executive Orders Nos. 37 and 70 of Governor Christine T. Whitman through and including January 1, 2002; and f. The commission was continued by Executive Order No. 12 of Governor James E. McGreevey through and including January 1, 2007; and g. The commission was continued by Executive Order No. 49 of Governor Jon S. Corzine through and including January 1, 2012; and h. The commission has effectively fostered a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the citizens of the State of New Jersey that should continue, on a permanent basis, in order to further the goals of the agreement. L.2008, c.125, s.1. NJSA 52:16A-105 New Jersey-Israel Commission deemed permanent; membership, vacancies, compensation, meetings 2. a. The New Jersey-Israel Commission continued pursuant to Executive Order No. 49 of 2007, together with its functions, powers, duties, and subcommittees is hereby continued and established as a permanent commission in the Department of State, in accordance with the provisions of this act, P.L.2008, c.125 (C.52:16A-104 et seq.). b. Upon the effective date of this act and through December 31, 2011, the commission shall consist of a minimum of 15 members and a maximum of 100 members, to be appointed by the Governor. Eight members of the commission shall be members of the Legislature. Four of the legislative members shall be members of the General Assembly, no more than two of whom shall be of the same political party, and four shall be members of the Senate, no more than two of whom shall be of the same political party. The eight legislative members shall be appointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of the Speaker of the General Assembly and the President of the Senate, respectively. All members of the commission shall serve at the pleasure of the Governor, and vacancies in the membership of the commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointments were made. The members of the commission appointed pursuant to Executive Order No. 49 of 2007 and serving on the effective date of this act shall continue as members of the commission until December 31, 2011 on which date the appointments of all the members shall expire. c. On January 1, 2012 and thereafter, the membership of the commission shall consist of 85 members to be appointed by the Governor, as follows: (1) Eight members of the commission shall be members of the Legislature. Four of the legislative members shall be members of the General Assembly, no more than two of whom shall be of the same political party, and four shall be members of the Senate, no more than two of whom shall be of the same political party. The eight legislative members shall be appointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of the Speaker of the General Assembly and the President of the Senate, respectively. The legislative members shall serve during the two-year legislative term in which the appointment is made. (2) Seventy-seven members of the commission shall be members of the public, to be appointed by the Governor to serve for a term of three years, except that of those 77 members first appointed, 25 shall be appointed to serve an initial term of two years, 25 shall be appointed to serve an initial term of three years, and 27 shall be appointed to serve an initial term of four years. (3) A vacancy in the membership of the commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment is made. d. Members of the commission shall serve without compensation, but may be reimbursed for expenses actually incurred in the performance of their duties, within the limit of funds appropriated to the commission or otherwise made available to it for its purposes. e. The commission may meet and hold hearings at the places it designates throughout the State. L.2008, c.125, s.2. NJSA 52:16A-106 Designation of chairpersons, subcommittee chairpersons; quorum 3. The Governor shall designate a chairperson or co-chairpersons from among the members of the commission, who shall serve in that capacity at the pleasure of the Governor. The chairperson or co-chairpersons, as applicable, shall appoint from among the commission members the subcommittee chairpersons who shall each chair one subcommittee. The chairperson or co-chairpersons, as applicable, shall organize the commission's executive committee, to be composed of the chairperson or co-chairpersons, as applicable, the subcommittee chairpersons, and additional at-large members to be appointed by the chairperson or co-chairpersons, as applicable, from among the members of the commission. A majority of the members of the executive committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of the business of the commission. Action may be taken and motions adopted at any meeting of the commission only if a majority of the executive committee of the commission is present and voting. L.2008, c.125, s.3. NJSA 52:16A-107 Purpose of New Jersey-Israel Commission 4. a. The purpose of the New Jersey-Israel Commission shall be to implement the stated goals of the Sister State Agreement between New Jersey and Israel. In furtherance of its purpose, the commission shall establish subcommittees to examine the following issues: (1) Economic Development and International Trade; (2) Research, Science and Technology; (3) Education; (4) Culture and Tourism; and (5) other issues as determined by the commission pursuant to its purposes. b. The commission shall report its findings, recommendations and plans directly to the Governor. L.2008, c.125, s.4. NJSA 52:16A-108 Authority of New Jersey-Israel Commission 5. The New Jersey-Israel Commission shall be authorized to raise funds, through direct solicitation or other fundraising events, alone or with other groups, and accept gifts, grants and bequests from individuals, corporations, foundations, governmental agencies, public and private organizations and institutions, to defray the commission's administrative expenses and carry out its purposes as set forth in this act, P.L.2008, c.125 (C. 52:16A-104 et seq.). The funds, gifts, grants, or bequests received pursuant to this section shall be deposited in a State Treasury account and allocated and annually appropriated to the Department of State to defray the commission's administrative expenses and carry out its purposes. L.2008, c.125, s.5. NJSA 52:16A-109 Consistent provisions of Executive Orders remain in force, effect 6. All other provisions of Executive Order No. 208 of 1989 ,Executive Order No. 35 of 1991, Executive Order No. 90 of 1993, Executive Order No. 37 of 1995, Executive Order No. 70 of 1997, Executive Order No. 12 of 2002, and Executive Order No. 49 of 2007 that are not inconsistent with this act, P.L.2008, c.125 (C. 52:16A-104 et seq.), shall remain in full force and effect. L.2008, c.125, s.6. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate