Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/nj/legal.html

The Official Web Site for The State of New Jersey | Legal Statement & Disclaimers Back to top Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close Legal Statement & Disclaimers The following notices apply to all web sites of state agencies listed at https://www.nj.gov/nj/gov/deptserv/ in the executive branch of state government other than independent state agencies. June 17, 2010 State of New Jersey Conditions of Use Notice Thank you for visiting the State of New Jersey's web site and reviewing our Use Policy. You should also be aware that the State has a Privacy Policy, also available on this web site. By visiting this web site, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Notice. This Notice covers the following topics: Please note that this Use Policy is subject to change without notice, and that it reflects the state's current business practices. Also note that each department within the State may have additional privacy and use policies specific to the mission and needs of their work. Be sure to review those policies as you access additional sites within the State. Section A. Information Disclaimer The State of New Jersey makes great effort to provide secure, accurate and complete information on this web site. However, portions of the information contained in this site may be incorrect or not current. Any errors or omissions should be reported for investigation. The State of New Jersey, its officers, employees or agents shall not be liable for damages or losses of any kind arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information, including but not limited to, damages or losses caused by reliance upon the accuracy or timeliness of any such information, or damages incurred from the viewing, distributing, or copying of those materials. The materials and information provided on this website are provided "as is." No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed, or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources. The State disclaims any duty or obligation to either maintain availability of or to update the information contained on any of these web sites. Section B. Investment Information Disclaimer The State has included the information contained on this web site for general informational purposes only and no person should make any investment decision relating to securities of the State or securities issued by governmental authorities that are secured by amounts subject to appropriation by the State Legislature in reliance on any statements or information contained herein. This web site and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any such securities. The State does not intend and does not consider any of the statements or information on this web site as a communication to the investment community or to any persons who own or who may consider purchasing any such securities. Section C. Links to Other Sites The State of New Jersey's website and materials may contain hypertext or links to other internet computer sites, which are not owned, operated, controlled or reviewed by the State. These links are provided solely as a courtesy and convenience to you, the visitor. The State of New Jersey, its officers or employees, exercise no control over the organizations, views, accuracy, copyright or trademark, compliance or the legality of the material contained on those servers and do not sponsor, endorse, or approve the information, content, proceeds, materials, opinions or services contained on such external sites. The visitor proceeds to those external sites at their own risk. The State of New Jersey specifically disclaims any and all liability from damages, which may result from the accessing of a third-party site, which is linked to the State of New Jersey's web site, or from reliance upon only such information. Section D. Endorsement Disclaimer Reference in this web site to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm, or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the State of New Jersey, or its officers, employees or agents. Section E. Intrusion Detection All State of New Jersey computer systems are subject to monitoring at all times to assure proper functioning of the systems, to provide security for the computer system's operation and information contained therein, to prevent unauthorized use, and to deter and investigate violations of law. There is no reasonable expectation of privacy in the use of this web site. Section F. Copyright and Trademark Limitations The State of New Jersey has made the content of these pages available to the public and anyone may view, copy or distribute State information found here without obligation to the State, unless otherwise stated on particular material or information to which a restriction on free use may apply. However, the State makes no warranty that materials contained herein are free of Copyright or Trademark claims or other restrictions or limitations on free use or display. Making a copy of such material may be subject to the copyright of trademark laws. Section G. Seal of the State of New Jersey Use and display of the Seal of the State of New Jersey and the seals and logos of any state agency are restricted by law and may be used only as authorized by the law of the State of New Jersey. Section H. Unauthorized Modifications Unauthorized attempts to modify or modifications of any information stored on the State's web pages may result in criminal prosecution. Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate