Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0404.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 4, 2022, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State What’s Filming In New Jersey: ‘The Home’ Principal photography in Denville, Elizabeth and Nutley NEWARK, N.J. – The shuttered Saint Francis Residential Community in Denville will have a starring role, along with Saturday Night Live’s Pete Davidson, in the Miramax horror thriller The Home , just wrapping in New Jersey. The Home is a story about a troubled man who starts working at a retirement facility and realizes that its residents and caretakers harbor sinister secrets. As he investigates the building and its forbidden fourth floor, he starts to uncover connections to his own past and upbringing as a foster child. Directed by The Purge creator James DeMonaco, who also co-wrote the script with Adan Canto, the movie is produced by Bill Block (producer of the new Halloween movies) and Sébastien K. Lemercier (producer of The Purge movies). The Home will be Miramax’s latest addition to their extensive roster of horror films including Halloween, Scream, Hellraiser and Dracula . Many well-known horror films have been made in New Jersey throughout the years, including The Amityville Horror (1979), shot in Toms River and Point Pleasant. The legendary and influential fright movie Friday the 13th (1980) was filmed on location in Blairstown, Hardwick, and Hope Township. 13th Child (2002) was shot primarily in Wharton State Forest, Batsto Village, and Hammonton in the Pine Barrens. And the upcoming thriller Goodnight Mommy with Naomi Watts was filmed entirely in Bedminster. “The steady stream of productions coming to New Jersey continues and the state has become a premiere destination for the film and television industry,” said Governor Phil Murphy. “We are delighted to welcome Miramax back to the New Jersey for their latest project.” “Following last year’s record amount of production, 2022 is shaping up to be another extremely busy year for film and television activity,” according to Acting Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “New Jersey is attracting projects of every size and genre, featuring some of the most popular and accomplished actors in the world.” About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate