Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/ofbi-peer-review-faq.shtml

NJ DOS - NJ Office of Faith Based Initiatives - Peer Review FAQs Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Office of Faith Based Initiatives The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Peer Review FAQs What is a Peer Review? The OFBI engages persons with expertise from various fields to read applications and provide an analysis and rating of the quality of each grant application based upon published selection criteria. The ratings submitted by the Peer Reviewers are considered by the OFBI in making funding decisions and to provide feedback to applicants. What are the responsibilities of Reviewers? The primary responsibilities of Reviewers are to participate in the provided orientations and trainings, and to read, and provided an appraisal of applications. What are the qualifications of Peer Reviewers? We seek a diverse group of people with expertise in a variety of relevant areas and ability to objectively assess the quality of grant applications. Reviewers should be comfortable reading submitted applications in a defined period of time and be capable of providing in-depth analysis, and/or participating in small group discussions about the applications. What is the time commitment for participating in a review? The OFBI’s peer review process is a time-intensive and time-sensitive activity. Once chosen as a peer review a schedule of actin items will be emailed to peer reviewers. What are other benefits of being a peer reviewer or facilitator? Participating in a review is an excellent professional development opportunity, as well as a chance to serve and network with other peer reviewers. The peer review experience provides an in-depth look at the work and efforts of a grant evaluation process; this provides perspective and skills that are applicable in other professional endeavors. All approved peer reviewers will receive a stipend. Stipend amount will be based on the number of applications you’re assigned. If I work or serve in an OFBI-funded program or my organization is applying for OFBI funds, may I serve as a Reviewer or Panel Coordinator? Yes you can serve as a peer reviewer, however if there is a conflict of interest you will be asked to recuse yourself from reviewing those identified applications. Who do I contact if I have a question? If you have specific questions about the content of the peer reviewer application, or additional questions about the peer review experience, please e-mail us at: ofbi@sos.nj.gov and/or call us at 609-984-6952. Document Resource Conflict of Interest Peer Review Overview Specification of Services About the Office Grant Opportunities Webinars Resources Freedom Schools OFBI Peer Review Events Sustainable Development Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate