Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2018-0928.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 28, 2018 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State State of New Jersey Announces Funding to Expand Small Business Exporting United States SBA STEP Program Awards New Jersey $700,000 to Promote Global Sales by Small Businesses TRENTON, N.J. - New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way announced small businesses across New Jersey will have access to a $700,000 export promotion program through a competitively awarded grant with the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA). The New Jersey Department of State’s successful State Trade Expansion Program (STEP) has been awarded funding for six consecutive years and has advised and assisted hundreds of businesses of the millions of dollars of export sales around the world. “This Administration recognizes that New Jersey’s diverse small business community is a consistent engine for New Jersey’s economy,” said Secretary Way. “The SBA award will help small businesses grow in markets around the world and improve their bottom lines here at home in the Garden State.” The STEP program is administered by the New Jersey Business Action Center’s (BAC) Office of Export Promotion and awards are drawn down competitively on a first come, first served basis over a two-year period from September 30, 2018 to September 29, 2020. The BAC is housed within the New Jersey Department of State and is the “one-stop shop” for all businesses to access a variety of free resources and support. For the second year in a row, the STEP program ranked in the top ten awards administered by the SBA. New Jersey’s $700,000 export promotion program is the third highest amount granted among other applicants. Consistent with previous years, one-hundred percent (100%) of the New Jersey STEP program will be awarded to eligible small businesses to help cover costs related to participation in foreign trade missions, international trade shows and exhibitions, website translations, and services provided by the U.S. Department of Commerce. STEP awards provide export assistance to eligible small businesses and are designed to increase the number of new small business exporters, expand the value of global sales for current exporters, and increase the number of small businesses that explore significant new export opportunities. New Jersey currently ranks sixth in the nation in the number of small and mid-sized exporters. More than 18,500 New Jersey small businesses currently sell products in foreign markets, which contributed to New Jersey’s $34.5 billion of overall global sales in 2017. The Office of Export Promotion is now accepting STEP applications from small businesses for fiscal year 2018. The application and related forms are found at https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/njstep.html . For more information on how the New Jersey Business Action Center helps companies of all sizes save time and money by getting answers from government agencies, directing businesses to appropriate officials and contacts, and facilitating meetings and follow-ups from regulatory agencies, call 1-800-JERSEY-7 or visit https://www.nj.gov/njbusiness/ . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate