Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2018-0430a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 30, 2018, SOS Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Secretary of State Celebrates Tourism Successes Visitation reached 101 million in 2017 TRENTON, N.J. – Secretary of State Tahesha Way announced that New Jersey again set a record in 2017, with the tourism industry accounting for $45.4 billion in economic impact – an increase of more than 2.9 percent over the previous year. This was in part due to an increase in visitation to New Jersey, which increased for the eighth straight year. The number of visitors to New Jersey increased by 2.3 percent last year to 101 million. “Tourism is an indispensable industry in New Jersey and will continue to be an integral force buoying the state’s economy as it contributes to job creation and increases tax revenue for the state,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way, who oversees the Division of Travel and Tourism. “The economic report revealed the continuation of non–shore counties generating the largest share of tourism revenues, to the tune of 52%. We will be working from the boardwalks and beyond to continue our efforts to promote New Jersey as a premier travel destination.” According to The Economic Impact of Tourism in New Jersey Report released today by the Department of State’s Division of Travel and Tourism, New Jersey’s travel and tourism industry directly supports 328,650 jobs. When combined with indirect and induced jobs, tourism sustained nearly 523,300 jobs, and 9.8% of all jobs in New Jersey Other highlights of the annual tourism report include: The tourism sector generated $38.7 billion of state GDP in 2017, representing 6.7% of the entire state economy. 18 of 21 counties saw an increase in tourism industry sales. Including indirect and induced impacts, tourism in New Jersey generated $10.5 billion in government revenues last year, including $4.8 billion in state and local tax revenues. This is good news for New Jerseyans because without the tourism industry, New Jersey households would pay $1,515 more each in order to maintain the current level of state and local government services. The Economic Impact of Tourism in New Jersey Report, prepared by Tourism Economics, can be found in its entirety at www.visitnj.org/new-jersey-tourism-research-and-information . To plan your next day trip, weekend excursion or vacation in New Jersey, check out www.visitnj.org . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate