Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2011-1027.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 27, 2011 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Friends of the New Jersey State Museum Awarded $75,000 Grant from PNC Foundation to Provide Financial Education Program for Preschoolers TRENTON, NJ – The Friends of the New Jersey State Museum has been awarded a $75,000 grant from the PNC Foundation to teach area children lessons in spending, sharing and saving while providing parents with resources to reinforce the lessons at home. PNC provided the funding in support of Grow Up Great, its bilingual program in early childhood education. Building on the State Museum’s ever-expanding preschool audience, the program focuses on three core goals: educating teachers through Teachers Professional Development Programs; directing educational opportunities to students through financial education workshops; and introducing early childhood educators and students to the value of museum education and object based learning. “Through this grant from PNC, we can reach children in the Trenton community, pre-K centers and from throughout Central Jersey at an early age and help establish smart habits through positive reinforcement that will last a lifetime,” said Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno, who serves concurrently as Secretary of State. “This program helps the State Museum realize its mission to serve the lifelong education needs of visitors of all ages while preserving New Jersey’s natural and cultural treasures.” The grant from the PNC Foundation, which receives its principal funding from The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (NYSE: PNC), will allow the State Museum to complement educational materials developed by Sesame Workshop with two preschool curricula that utilize the State Museum’s Archaeology and Cultural History collections. The program will emphasize the value of object based learning and the educational value of Museums by teaching youngsters about Native American and Colonial currencies. PNC recently announced the extension of Grow Up Great by $250 million over 10 years to strengthen existing programs in math, science and the arts and reach more children, families and teachers. Considered one of the most comprehensive corporate school readiness programs of its kind, it has earned national recognition for programming through grants to numerous non-profit organizations and other PNC funded initiatives.“Extensive research shows the return on investments in high-quality early education is significant and long lasting - positively impacting our children, society and economy,” said Kevin Tylus, PNC Bank regional president for central New Jersey. “Through this financial education initiative with the Friends of the New Jersey State Museum we can help young children in our region better understand that everything has value and show parents how to turn everyday moments into financial learning experiences for their kids.” The State Museum Planetarium currently features “One World, One Sky,” a pre-school astronomy production produced by Sesame Workshop. This program is also supported through an underwriting grant from The PNC Foundation as part of the “PNC Grow Up Great with Science” initiative. The launch of this financial education program for pre-schoolers will complement this offering and help the State Museum expand its programming to young children while instilling in them the value of Museums. To learn more about the PNC Grow Up Great initiative, go to www.pncgrowupgreat.com . About the Organizations The PNC Foundation , which receives its principal funding from The PNC Financial Services Group, actively supports organizations that provide services for the benefit of communities in which it has a significant presence. The foundation focuses its philanthropic mission on early childhood education and community and economic development, which includes the arts and culture. PNC has extended its signature cause, PNC Grow Up Great, by $250 million over 10 years to enhance early childhood education and school readiness. For please visit www.pncgrowupgreat.com . The New Jersey State Museum serves the life-long educational needs of residents and visitors through its collections, exhibitions, programs, publications and scholarship in science, history and the arts. Located at 205 West State Street, Trenton, NJ, the Museum and auditorium are open Tuesday through Saturday, 9:00 am – 4:45 pm, and Sunday, noon to 5:00 pm. The Museum is closed Mondays and all state holidays. On weekends, free parking is available in lots adjacent to and behind the Museum. Please visit www.trentonparking.com for a number of options for parking in downtown Trenton. For more information, please visit www.newjerseystatemuseum.org or call the Museum’s recorded information line at (609) 292-6464. The New Jersey State Museum is a division of the NJ Department of State. The Friends of the New Jersey State Museum was founded in 1968 as a non-profit 501(c)(3) to support the Museum’s collections, exhibitions and programs through fundraising, volunteerism, advocacy and marketing. The Friends also operate a gift shop selling merchandise related to the Museum’s exhibitions and New Jersey history and culture. Proceeds from the Friends Shop help support the publications and collections of the New Jersey State Museum. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate