Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0914.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 14, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Lt. Governor Way and the Division of Elections Provide Key Dates and Timeline for 2023 General Election TRENTON, NJ, Sept. 14, 2023 – Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who serves as New Jersey’s chief election official, and the New Jersey Division of Elections are reminding candidates and voters of key dates and the upcoming timeline for the November 7, 2023 General Election. This information can also be found by visiting Vote.NJ.Gov or calling 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). September 23 Commencement of Mailing of Mail-In Ballots for General Election October 17 Voter Registration Deadline for General Election October 28 - November 5 Early Voting Period October 31 Deadline to apply for a Mail-In Ballot by Mail for General Election November 6 – by 3:00 p.m. Deadline for In-Person Mail-In Ballot Applications for General Election November 7 General Election Day November 7 Deadline for Post Office Receipt of Mail-In Ballots from the General Election November 13 Deadline for Receipt of Timely Mailed Postmarked Mail-In Ballots to County Boards of Election “Voters should be aware of these dates and deadlines as they prepare to participate in the 2023 General Election,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way. “Voters with questions should seek out information from trusted official sources, like the Division of Election or their county and local election officials. Everything New Jersey voters need to know to cast their ballots can be conveniently found at Vote.NJ.Gov. You can register to vote, find your polling location or a county early voting site, find secure ballot drop boxes, and more.” “New Jersey’s election officials are working diligently to make sure that every eligible New Jersey voter is able to participate freely and fairly in this year’s election,” said Assistant Secretary of State Dr. Lauren Zyriek Enriquez, who serves as Acting Director of the New Jersey Division of Elections. “Every election matters and we are committed to ensuring that voting in New Jersey is safe, simple, and secure.” Voters should: Visit Vote.NJ.Gov to check their registration status, register online, or update their registration. Find their current polling location using Vote.NJ.Gov’s Polling Location Tool and decide whether they will vote in person or request a mail-in ballot. Eligible registered voters can apply for a mail-in ballot by following the instructions found at VOTE.NJ.GOV or contacting their County Clerk. Voters will not automatically receive a mail-in ballot to participate in the 2023 General Election . Instructions to vote by mail include: Go to the Vote-By-Mail page on VOTE.NJ.GOV to download and print an Application for Mail-in Ballot. Then, mail or deliver the completed application to the appropriate local County Clerk. To be sent a ballot by mail for the November 7 General Election, the application must be received by October 31 . Apply in person at a voter’s local County Clerk office by 3:00 p.m. on November 6 for the November 7 General Election. Find the contact details at VOTE.NJ.GOV . Returning a mail-in ballot is once again as easy as VOTE, SIGN, SEAL, RETURN . Return options include: Mail: It must be postmarked by 8 p.m. November 7 and received by November 13 . Secure Ballot Drop Box: Place it in one of their county’s secure ballot drop boxes in use by 8 p.m. November 7 for the General Election. Drop box locations can be found at VOTE.NJ.GOV . Board of Elections Office: Deliver in person to the county Board of Elections by 8 p.m. November 7 NOTE: Mail-in ballots CANNOT be returned to polling places. For full details on the 2023 General Election, visit VOTE.NJ.GOV , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate