Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2015-0706.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 6, 2015 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State ICYMI: Lt. Governor Guadagno Strengthens New Jersey's Business Community Business Attraction and Retention Strategies Support New Jersey's Continued Job Growth TRENTON, N.J. – It's been a busy start to the summer for Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno, who has been traveling throughout the state (and just across the river to Philadelphia) to court biotech companies at the Bio International Convention, celebrate several major business developments and catch a glimpse of drones in action. Bringing Private Investment and Manufacturing Jobs to Camden Lt. Governor Guadagno joined local officials at the Camden Waterfront last week to break ground for Holtec International's Technology Campus, which will create 235 new jobs and retain 160 at-risk jobs in Camden. Holtec International, Inc., is a manufacturer and turn-key supplier of equipment and systems for nuclear, solar, geothermal and fossil fuel power generation sectors of the energy industry. Holtec will invest $260 million into the facility: the largest single investment of private capital in Camden's history. Holtec's state-of-the-art Technology Campus will house a manufacturing complex, a reactor test loop facility and a corporate engineering building. The Lt. Governor first began working on the Holtec project when Dr. Kris Singh, the company's founder, president and CEO, called her to talk about building in Camden. “I personally have been working on this project for five years,” Lt. Governor Guadagno said. “It is incredibly satisfying to be here to see the largest single investment ever in Camden come to life. We will continue working toward this City's renewal, with projects like Holtec's Technology Campus. Today, we celebrate not only hundreds of new and retained jobs, but also Holtec's commitment to the Camden community and its continued presence in New Jersey's innovation ecosystem.” Officials Break Ground on Holtec Site Lt. Governor Guadagno at Holtec Groundbreaking Drones in Action On a recent visit to the Cape May Airport, Lt. Governor Guadagno had a chance to observe test flights of unmanned aviation systems (UAS), or drones. The Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership, which includes a number of New Jersey universities in partnership with Virginia Tech, conducted a series of drone exercises to collect data regarding the integration of UAS into the manned aviation network. The Lt. Governor noted how drone technology could prove useful to emergency management officials responding to major weather emergencies. “We were talking about up-and-coming technology,” Lt. Governor Guadagno said. “When the idea of drones first came to the governor's office we thought it was a pipe dream. To see them reaching this level of development is a pleasure.” Drones were thought to be a 'pipedream,' Guadagno says at airport testing site Connecting Biotech Firms with New Jersey's Highly Educated Workforce The Lt. Governor joined members of the Partnership for Action at the 2015 BIO International Convention, held in Philadelphia in June. NJBIZ was on hand at a private prospect dinner where Lt. Governor Guadagno was courting companies to move to the State. How Jersey wines, dines prospective businesses . The aggressive outreach and accessibility to businesses works. Two years ago, a Frontage Labs executive attended a New Jersey prospect dinner at the 2013 BIO International Convention. From there, Choose New Jersey and the Business Action Center worked with the global pharmaceutical R&D services company to consider locations in New Jersey. And at the 2014 BIO International Convention, the company's leadership met with Lt. Governor Guadagno and officially decided they would come to New Jersey. Last year, Frontage Labs opened its new 36,000-square-foot clinical center in Secaucus with another facility still in the works. Amazon Continues to Expand in New Jersey, Brings 2,500 Jobs to Mercer County Amazon is now at full force at its Robbinsville fulfillment center, a facility that covers more than a million square feet and employees 2,500 people. The online retailer announced in May that it will open a second massive fulfillment center in Carteret. “From where we are standing right now, you can reach 130 million people on a tank of gas. That's why Amazon is here,” Lt. Governor Guadagno told 6abc news . Peek inside Amazon's NJ warehouse Businesses considering a move or in need of assistance are encouraged to call New Jersey's Business Action Center at (866) 534-7789 or visit the State's Business Portal at www.newjerseybusiness.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate