Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/candidate-petition-challenge.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Challenging a Candidate's Petition Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Challenging a Candidate's Petition Primary Election General Election Individuals can request copies of a petition by completing an OPRA request . Page Last Updated: 01/16/25 Primary Election Who Can File a Challenge? Any individual may file a challenge. Procedure for Filing a Challenge? Objections must be based on the statutory requirements in N.J.S.A. Title 19 for petitions. Objections must specify in detail each individual defect. Objectors should retain a copy of their challenges. Objectors must provide the Division with the names, address and contact number of any legal representative, or if not represented, their contact number. The contact number must be a phone where the individual can be reached during and after regular business hours. Where to File the Challenge? Objections may be emailed or hand delivered to the Division of Elections. The office is located at 225 West State Street, 1st Floor, Trenton, NJ 08608. Objections can be faxed to: 609-777-1280 Objections can be emailed to: petition.challenges@sos.nj.gov When Can Someone File a Challenge? Objections must be made in writing no later than March 28, 2025 at 4 p.m. After Filing the Challenge – What to Expect? In all challenges, the objector has the burden of proving that a petition is invalid. The Division of Elections will provide all parties with a copy of the Challenge. The Division of Elections will provide the Office of Administrative Law (OAL) with the original petition and the challenge. The OAL will conduct a hearing on the objection. Hearings for all Primary Election Challenges will begin on March 31, 2025. Hearings are being conducted remotely. You will be informed of the specific time and details to participate. After the Hearing – What to Expect? At the conclusion of the hearing, an Initial Decision from OAL will be prepared and provided to the Lt. Governor/Secretary of State. The Lt. Governor/Secretary of State will then Adopt, Modify or Reject the Initial Decision and prepare a Final Decision. A copy of the Final Decision will be emailed to all parties. The Final Decision is reviewable by the Superior Court of New Jersey, Appellate Division. General Election Who Can File a Challenge? Any individual may file a challenge. Procedure for Filing a Challenge? Objections must be based on the statutory requirements in N.J.S.A. Title 19 for petitions. Objections must specify in detail each individual defect. Objectors should retain a copy of their challenges. Objectors must provide the Division with the names, address and contact number of any legal representative, or if not represented, their contact number. The contact number must be a phone where the individual can be reached during and after regular business hours. Where to File the Challenge? Objections may be emailed or hand delivered to the Division of Elections. The office is located at 225 West State Street, 1st Floor, Trenton, NJ 08608. Objections can be faxed to: 609-777-1280 Objections can be emailed to: petition.challenges@sos.nj.gov When Can Someone File a Challenge? Objections must be made in writing no later than June 16, 2025 at 4 p.m. After Filing the Challenge – What to Expect? In all challenges, the objector has the burden of proving that a petition is invalid. The Division of Elections will provide all parties with a copy of the Challenge. The Division of Elections will provide the Office of Administrative Law (OAL) with the original petition and the challenge. The OAL will conduct a hearing on the objection. Hearings for all General Election Challenges will begin on June 17, 2025. Hearings are being conducted remotely. You will be informed of the specific time and details to participate. After the Hearing – What to Expect? At the conclusion of the hearing, an Initial Decision from OAL will be prepared and provided to the Lt. Governor/Secretary of State. The Lt. Governor/Secretary of State will then Adopt, Modify or Reject the Initial Decision and prepare a Final Decision. A copy of the Final Decision will be emailed to all parties. The Final Decision is reviewable by the Superior Court of New Jersey, Appellate Division. Voter Information Portal Register to Vote! County Election Officials Candidate Information County Information Election Archive Printable Flyers & Publications Covid-19 Election Resources Be A Poll Worker Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate