Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-council-on-the-arts.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules New Jersey State Council on the Arts Statutes NJSA 52:16A-25 State Council on the Arts; members; appointment; term; vacancies; compensation: NJSA 52:16A-25.1 Transfer of Council on the Arts to Department of State NJSA 52:16A-25.2 Transfer in accordance with State Agency Transfer Act NJSA 52:16A-26 Duties of council NJSA 52:16A-26.1 Short title NJSA 52:16A-26.2 Definitions NJSA 52:16A-26.3 Powers, responsibilities NJSA 52:16A-26.4 Application for center designation NJSA 52:16A-26.5 State cultural center NJSA 52:16A-26.6 Regional cultural center NJSA 52:16A-26.7 Continued grant eligibility NJSA 52:16A-26.8 Eligibility for certain Council on the Arts funding NJSA 52:16A-27 Executive director and other personnel; election of chairman and vice chairman; rules and regulations; hearings; annual report NJSA 52:16A-28 Council as official agency of state NJSA 52:16A-29 Short title NJSA 52:16A-30 Definitions NJSA 52:16A-31 Fine arts element; inclusion in new public buildings; approval and limitation of expenditures NJSA 52:16A-32 Contracts; criteria for selection of artists; register of competent artists NJSA 52:16A-33 Selection by public competition NJSA 52:16A-34 Consultation by council with relevant arts institutions and organizations NJSA 52:16A-25 State council on the arts; members; appointment; term; vacancies; compensation There is hereby established in the Department of State the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, to be referred to hereinafter as the council. a. The council shall consist of 17 public members, to be appointed by the Governor with the advice and consent of the Senate from among citizens of New Jersey or persons otherwise associated with the State, who are known for their competence and experience in connection with the performing, visual and creative arts. b. There shall be three nonvoting, ex officio members of the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, in addition to the 17 public members. (1) The Secretary of State or his designee shall serve as a nonvoting, ex officio member for a term coextensive with the secretary's term of office or until such time as the Secretary of State appoints another designee, whichever occurs first. (2) One member of the Senate, appointed by the President of the Senate, and one member of the General Assembly, appointed by the Speaker of the General Assembly, shall be appointed as nonvoting, ex officio members of the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, not both of the same political party. Both Senate and General Assembly nonvoting, ex officio members shall be designated members to the National Conference of State Legislatures' Committee on the Arts. The legislative members shall serve for terms coextensive with the legislative terms for which they were elected, subject to reappointment after the expiration of the legislative year. c. The term of office of each member shall be three years, except that the present 15 members of the council shall continue in office for the terms to which they were appointed; provided that the two additional public members first appointed under this amendatory and supplementary act shall be appointed for initial terms ending on December 12, 1984. All vacancies shall be filled for the balance of the unexpired term only, in the same manner as original appointments. The members of the council shall not receive any compensation for their services, but shall be reimbursed for their actual and necessary expenses incurred in the performance of their duties as members of the council. The non-voting, ex officio members shall not receive any compensation for services or reimbursement for expenses. L.1966, c. 214, s. 1, eff. July 29, 1966. Amended by L.1981, c. 43, s. 2, eff. Feb. 18, 1981; L.1983, c. 42, s. 2, eff. Jan. 27, 1983. NJSA 52:16A-25.1 Transfer of council on the arts to department of state The New Jersey State Council on the Arts in the Department of Education, together with its functions, powers and duties, is transferred to the Department of State. L.1983, c. 42, s. 3, eff. Jan. 27, 1983. NJSA 52:16A-25.2 Transfer in accordance with State Agency Transfer Act The transfer directed by this act shall be made in accordance with the "State Agency Transfer Act," P.L.1971, c. 375 (C.52:14D-1 et seq.). L.1983, c. 42, s. 4, eff. Jan. 27, 1983. NJSA 52:16A-26 Duties of council The duties of the council shall be: a. To take such steps as may be deemed necessary and appropriate to stimulate and encourage the study and presentation of the performing and creative arts, and to foster public interest in and support of the arts in our State. b. To make such surveys as may be deemed advisable to public and private institutions within the State engaged in the performing and creative arts, and to make recommendations for appropriate action to enlarge the State's resources in the performing and creative arts. c. To encourage and assist freedom of expression in the performing and creative arts. d. To assist in complementing the design of public buildings in this State in accordance with the provisions of the "Public Buildings Arts Inclusion Act." For the purposes of this act, the term "performing and creative arts" shall include, but not be limited to, music, theater, dance, literature, painting, sculpture, architecture, photography, film art, handicrafts, graphic arts and design. L.1966, c. 214, s. 2. Amended by L.1978, c. 117, s. 6. NJSA 52:16A-26.1 Short title This act shall be known and may be cited as the "State and Regional Centers of Artistic Excellence Act." L. 1985, c. 410, s. 1. NJSA 52:16A-26.2 Definitions As used in this act: "Council" means the New Jersey State Council on the Arts in the Department of State; "Cultural Activities" means performances, displays, and educational programs of music, dance, opera, theatre, painting, sculpture, architecture, photography, film art, handicrafts, graphic arts, design, literature, and other similar or related activities; "Network" means more than one facility, structure or space which are managed and operated in conjunction and cooperation with one another for the primary purpose of presenting or producing cultural activities; "Qualifying Governmental Body" means a municipality, contiguous municipalities or a county in which government arts or cultural boards or commissions, nonprofit arts or cultural corporations, and arts, cultural, educational, or philanthropic organizations provide, in conjunction with one another, a wide range of cultural activities on a year-round basis through the management, operation, and maintenance of the necessary facilities; "Regional Center" means a cultural facility or network of facilities to be designated by the council pursuant to this act, which is located within a municipality or within two or more contiguous municipalities, which possesses the appropriate and requisite space, technical capabilities and professional management to present or produce on a year-round basis cultural programs and activities of high artistic quality representing a balanced variety of major disciplines and forms, and which serves a broad and diverse regional audience; "State Center" means a cultural facility or network of facilities to be designated by the council pursuant to this act, which is located within a municipality or within two or more contiguous municipalities, which possesses the appropriate and requisite space, technical capabilities and professional management to present or produce on a year-round basis cultural programs and activities of the highest artistic quality by major State, national or international artists and arts groups representing all major disciplines and forms, and which serves a diverse Statewide audience. L. 1985, c. 410, s. 2. NJSA 52:16A-26.3 Powers, responsibilities In addition to the powers and responsibilities provided under any other law, the council shall have the following powers and responsibilities: a. To provide municipalities, counties and prospective centers with information related to qualification, application and reapplication under the provisions of this act; b. To designate centers in qualifying municipalities and counties pursuant to this act; c. To monitor continuously the operation of centers so designated; d. To remove designation of or to redesignate from State to regional a center if, within the municipality, municipalities or county, the boards, commissions, and organizations responsible for management, operation, and maintenance of the facilities fail to continue to meet the criteria established for the respective designations of State and regional centers; and e. To promulgate the rules and regulations pursuant to the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L. 1968, c. 410 (C. 52:14B-1 et seq.), necessary to effectuate the purposes of this act. L. 1985, c. 410, s. 3. NJSA 52:16A-26.4 Application for center designation A qualifying governmental body may develop and adopt by ordinance or resolution a State cultural center plan or a regional cultural center plan to be submitted to the council as an application for designation as a center. The plan shall include: a. A description of the facilities available for cultural activities; b. A statement of the boards, commissions, and organizations responsible for management, operation, and maintenance of the facilities involved and activities provided, and any plans or commitments made by these groups for the continuation of services and provision of activities; c. A description of the types of cultural activities that are provided, or are to be provided, at and by the center; and d. A statement of commitments made by private individuals, businesses, and organizations for developing, financing, and maintaining the center and its activities. L. 1985, c. 410, s. 4. NJSA 52:16A-26.5 State cultural center Upon application by a municipality, two or more contiguous municipalities or a county, the council shall designate a facility or network of facilities within the applicant's jurisdiction as a State cultural center under the provisions of this act, if it determines that the plan submitted demonstrates that: a. The variety of cultural activities includes programs of all major arts disciplines of interest to all segments of the population and are presented on a year-round basis; b. The facilities of the proposed center are capable, in terms of seating capacity, staging, appurtenant production preparation space, auxiliary facilities, sound, lighting and other technical aspects, management, marketing, maintenance support, parking and convenience, of meeting the needs of major State, national and international artists and arts groups and serving New Jersey citizens residing outside the municipal and county boundaries; c. The cultural activities provided are of high quality and merit; and d. Private individuals, businesses, and organizations are participating in the functioning of the center in an effort to promote and develop cooperation between public and private entities in the support of cultural activities. The council shall review, and approve or disapprove, an application within 120 days of receipt. If the council disapproves the application, it shall set forth its reasons in writing to the applicant within 30 days of its determination. The applicant may amend its ordinance or resolution and resubmit an application to the council, subject to the review and approval provisions of this Section. L. 1985, c. 410, s. 5. NJSA 52:16A-26.6 Regional cultural center Upon application by a municipality, two or more contiguous municipalities, or a county, the council shall designate a facility or network of facilities within the applicant's jurisdiction as a regional cultural center under the provisions of this act, if it determines that the plan submitted demonstrates that: a. The variety of cultural activities offered represents a mixture of major arts disciplines through programs of interest to all segments of the population; b. The facilities of the proposed center are capable, in terms of seating capacity, staging, appurtenant production preparation space, auxiliary facilities, sound, lighting and other technical aspects, management, marketing and maintenance support, parking and convenience, of presenting a wide range of artists and arts groups and of serving New Jersey citizens residing outside the municipal boundaries; c. The cultural activities are of high quality and merit; and d. Private individuals, businesses, and organizations are participating in the functioning of the center in an effort to promote and develop cooperation between public and private entities in the support of cultural activities. The council shall review, and approve or disapprove, an application within 120 days of receipt. If the council disapproves the application, it shall set forth its reasons in writing to the applicant within 30 days of its determination. The applicant may amend its ordinance or resolution and resubmit an application to the council, subject to the review and approval provisions of this Section. L. 1985, c. 410, s. 6. NJSA 52:16A-26.7 Continued grant eligibility 7. Participation in the cultural activities of a designated State or regional center shall not preclude an organization or individual from being eligible for a grant of fellowships awarded by the council pursuant to P.L. 1966, c.214 (C.52:16A-25 et seq.) nor shall it mandate or influence the awarding of additional grants of fellowships by the council. L.1985,c.410,s.7. NJSA 52:16A-26.8 Eligibility for certain Council on the Arts funding 1. Notwithstanding any law, rule or regulation to the contrary, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created pursuant to P.L.1966, c.214 (C.52:16A-25 et seq.), shall not exclude four-year colleges and universities, fraternal organizations, public and private elementary or secondary schools, or religious organizations from being eligible for funding with monies made available for cultural center development projects from the "New Jersey Green Acres, Cultural Centers and Historic Preservation Bond Act of 1987," P.L.1987, c.265. L.1999,c.219,s.1. NJSA 52:16A-27 Executive director and other personnel; election of chairman and vice chairman; rules and regulations; hearings; annual report (a) The council shall employ an executive director and such other personnel as may be deemed necessary to accomplish its objectives within the limit of funds available therefor. (b) The members of the council shall elect annually a chairman and a vice chairman from their number. The executive director shall serve as secretary of the council. The chairman shall be the chief executive officer of the council. The chairman shall preside at all meetings of the council and shall perform such other duties as shall be prescribed by the council. The executive director shall carry out the policies of the council under the direction of the chairman. (c) The council shall adopt rules and regulations concerning the operation of the council, the functions and responsibilities of its officers and employees and such other matters as may be necessary to carry out the purpose of this act. (d) The council shall be authorized and empowered to hold public and private hearings, and, within the limit of funds available therefor, to enter into contracts with individuals, organizations, and institutions for services or endeavors furthering the objectives of the council's programs; to accept gifts, grants and bequests of funds from individuals, foundations, corporations, governmental agencies, and other organizations or institutions; to make and sign any agreements and to do and perform any acts that may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this act. The council may request and shall receive from any department or agency of the State Government such assistance, information, and advice as will enable it to carry out its powers and duties hereunder. (e) The council shall make an annual report to the Governor and the Legislature concerning the status of the arts in New Jersey and such other matters as the council deems desirable. L.1966, c. 214, s. 3. NJSA 52:16A-28 Council as official agency of state The council shall be the official agency of this State to receive and disburse all funds made available to the State Government by the National Endowment for the Arts or by any successor agency. L.1966, c. 214, s. 4. NJSA 52:16A-29 Short title This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Public Buildings Arts Inclusion Act." L.1978, c. 117, s. 1. NJSA 52:16A-30 Definitions For the purposes of this act, except as the context may otherwise clearly require: a. " Public building " means any permanent structure, wholly or partially enclosed, which is intended to provide offices, courtrooms, hearing rooms, auditoriums, meeting rooms, classrooms and other educational facilities, eating or sleeping facilities, medical or dental facilities, transportation terminals, libraries, museums and the like, which are intended for the use or accommodation of the general public or for any category or classification thereof in connection with the furtherance of public law or policy necessarily or incidentally requiring the provision of such accommodations or facilities, together with all its grounds and appurtenant structures and facilities. b. " Fine arts " means sculpture, murals, mosaics, bas reliefs, frescoes, tapestries, monuments, fountains and other ornamentations or displays which are intended to complement the artistic quality and esthetic effect of any buildings or structures in which they are contained or to which they are applied or with which they are connected, even if spacially separated, by their integration into a total architectural design. The term does not include the incidental ornamental detail of functional structural elements or of hardware and other functional accessories unless such ornamental detail is not generally available from the manufacturers or purveyors of such materials and must be specially designed and produced for use in a particular building or related group of buildings. c. " State " means the Government of the State of New Jersey and all departments, bureaus, boards, commissions, agencies and instrumentalities thereof, except political subdivisions (as the same are defined in the "Local Government Supervision Act (1947)" (P.L.1947, c. 151; C. 52:27BB-1 et seq.) and their agencies and instrumentalities. d. " Contracting officer " means the public officer or body responsible for securing the preparation of plans and specifications of a public building for the purpose of negotiating or advertising for bids for the construction of such building. e. " Principal user " means that public officer or employee who will have principal administrative responsibility for the actual utilization of a proposed public building; or, if such officer or employee has not been duly designated, then the public officer, employee, board, commission or other agency or instrumentality which is authorized to make such designation, or a representative thereof authorized or designated thereby to perform the duties and functions provided in this act to be performed by the principal user. f. " Architect " means any architect, engineer or other person licensed or otherwise authorized by or pursuant to law to prepare plans and specifications for a public building. g. " Council " means the New Jersey State Council on the Arts established pursuant to P.L.1966, c. 214 (C. 52:16A-25 et seq.), or any committee or officer thereof as may be from time to time authorized and delegated by the council to perform for it and in its name any of the functions provided for in this act. L.1978, c. 117, s. 2. NJSA 52:16A-31 Fine arts element; inclusion in new public buildings; approval and limitation of expenditures a. Whenever a new public building is to be constructed at the expense and for the use of the State, the contracting officer shall, together with the architect whom he has engaged, consult with the council regarding the elements of fine arts to be included or incorporated in the design of such building or buildings. b. As a result of such consultations the architect may incorporate the recommendations of the council in the design of such building or buildings. Expenditures for recommendations concerning the inclusion of artistic designs in State buildings shall be approved by the State House Commission. c. The total estimated cost of the fine arts elements included in such plans and specifications for a public building or group of public buildings for the purpose of implementing the design thereof in accordance with the purposes of this act shall not exceed 1 1/2 % of the total estimated cost of the construction of such building or group of buildings. L.1978, c. 117, s. 3. NJSA 52:16A-32 Contracts; criteria for selection of artists; register of competent artists a. The execution of the fine arts elements determined upon pursuant to section 3 of this act shall be let as a separate contract or contracts. Except as provided in section 5 of this act, the artist or artists who are to execute such fine arts elements shall be selected jointly by the architect and the contracting officer, after consultation with the council and the principal user. b. For the purpose of assisting in the selection of artists the council shall develop criteria which may be employed in the selection process. The council shall also endeavor to establish and maintain a register of competent artists who are citizens and residents of this State, from among whom artists who in the various branches of the fine arts, particularly with reference to artists may be particularly suited for the various types of work likely to be required may be readily identified and selected. c. Contracts for such work shall be negotiated within the limits of the estimated cost as determined pursuant to section 3 of this act. Public competitive bidding shall not be required for any such contract. L.1978, c. 117, s. 4. NJSA 52:16A-33 Selection by public competition a. Upon the council's review of the elements of fine arts to be incorporated in such structure or group of structures, the council may determine that such selection or selections shall be made by means of public competition. The contract to be let by such competition shall be in fixed amount made public prior to the competition; but no such competition shall be held for the award of a contract of less than $2,500.00. b. The council shall set the terms of the competition, and shall provide that the artist submitting the design most in accord with the architect's intentions and most in keeping with the style and design of the building, and who, from his designs or other materials submitted pursuant to the rules of the competition, appears most able to execute the work in a satisfactory manner, shall be awarded the contract for which the competition is held. c. In any such competition, the council may provide, within the limit of funds appropriated or otherwise made available to it for the purpose, for the award of prizes to competitors other than those awarded contracts as a result of the competition, on the basis of the artistic qualities of their designs. Such prizes may be awarded when, in the judgment of the council, it is necessary or desirable in order to encourage a sufficient number of artists to enter the competition so as to provide an ample field of choice in selecting an artist to be awarded a contract. d. In connection with any competition authorized under this section, the council shall take such steps as are within its power to assure that notice of such competition will be effectively publicized so as to attract competitors; and to that end it is authorized to expend such funds as may be appropriated or otherwise made available to it for that purpose. e. No expenditure authorized under subsection c. or d. of this section shall be made from or charged to the 1 1/2 % allowance provided for in section 3 of this act. L.1978, c. 117, s. 5. NJSA 52:16A-34 Consultation by council with relevant arts institutions and organizations The council, in making recommendations or suggestions to a public body or officer pursuant to the duties imposed upon it under sections 3 and 4 of this act, or in arranging, conducting or judging a competition pursuant to section 5 of this act, shall before doing so consult thereon with officers or other appropriate representatives of relevant arts institutions and organizations in New Jersey, such as museums, societies and associations of artists and architects, schools of art and architecture, and such other organizations, associations or institutions as may be appropriate to the matter under consideration, including the major nonprofit public or private museums in the State whose collections encompass the fine arts. L.1978, c. 117, s. 7. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate