Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2025-0127.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 27, 2025 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Cultural Trust Approves Record $1.04 Million in FY 2025 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations TRENTON, NJ - Advancing its ongoing commitment to ensuring a stable and healthy cultural industry, the New Jersey Cultural Trust Board approved a total of $1,040,935 in grants to 29 nonprofit arts organizations in 14 counties during an open public meeting held virtually on January 15, 2025. With the Fiscal Year 2025 grant awards, the Cultural Trust has awarded over $11.4 million in funding for financial stabilization and historic preservation projects across New Jersey since Fiscal Year 2004. The Fiscal Year 2025 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations (IFS Arts grants) were recommended to the Cultural Trust by the New Jersey State Council on the Arts. The more than $1 million in awards represents the largest total dollar amount the Board has approved in grant awards in a single fiscal year in the Trust’s history. “These grants are a historic investment in New Jersey’s cultural community that will resonate for years to come,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the Cultural Trust in her capacity as Secretary of State. “The Cultural Trust’s unique grant programs support projects that strengthen the foundations of our state’s cultural organizations — organizations that in turn anchor local economies, improve the health and vitality of our communities, and contribute immeasurably to New Jerseyans’ wellbeing and quality of life.” The Cultural Trust’s IFS Arts program provides financial support to assist organizations in addressing the financial and institutional challenges that threaten their stability, and to help build greater operational capacity for organizations to manage and advance their work. This includes offering funding for essential organizational infrastructure projects that other State agencies are not designed to support. The Fiscal Year 2025 grant awards will support the creation of cash reserves and working capital funds; upgrades to critical technology including websites, computers, and financial management software; the purchase of important capital equipment such as theatrical lighting, musical instruments, and HVAC equipment; the creation of strategic planning documents that will set the course to improve organizational health; and more. The $1,040,935 in grant awards also represents nearly twice the total amount awarded in the most recent IFS Arts grant round in 2023. “It is exciting to see the Cultural Trust’s impact continue to grow,” said Cultural Trust Board Chair Carol Cronheim. “The Trust was founded 25 years ago this July to safeguard New Jersey’s arts, history, and humanities nonprofits, especially in uncertain economic times. The record 148 applications for stabilization funding in Fiscal Year 2025 demonstrate that the state’s nonprofit cultural sector continues to rely on the Trust for critical capitalization support. We are thrilled that this year we could respond to that demand with a record amount of funding.” Unique among the other grant programs within the Department of State, Cultural Trust grants are made out of interest income generated by the Cultural Trust’s permanent investment fund, rather than from a direct annual budgetary appropriation. High interest rates, increased appropriations to the principal of the Trust’s permanent fund, and diligent stewardship of the fund resulted in record high interest income for Fiscal Year 2024, which directly increased the Trust’s capacity to grant a historic amount in awards for the Fiscal Year 2025 IFS Arts program. Applications to the Cultural Trust’s annual grant programs undergo an independent third-party peer review process consisting of qualified individuals employing uniform evaluation criteria. Awards are recommended to the Cultural Trust Board in alternating years by the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, New Jersey Historical Commission, and the New Jersey Historic Trust. The Fiscal Year 2025 IFS Arts grant awards, as recommended by the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, are as follows: FY 2025 Institutional & Financial Stabilization Awardees Organization Town/City County Project Description Award Amount Appel Farm Arts and Music Center Elmer Salem Capital equipment purchase $40,000 Arts Ed NJ Inc. Burlington Burlington New staff position $40,000 Arts Horizons, Inc. Englewood Bergen Working capital/cash reserve $40,000 Axelrod Performing Arts Center Deal Park Monmouth Capital equipment purchase $37,450 CavanKerry Press Ltd Fort Lee Bergen Working capital/cash reserve $40,000 coLAB Arts New Brunswick Middlesex Capital equipment purchase $40,000 Friends of the Kennedy Martin Stelle Farmstead (Farmstead Arts) Basking Ridge Somerset Strategic planning/assessment $24,200 Grounds for Sculpture, Inc. Hamilton Mercer Technology upgrade $25,726 Harmonium A Classical Choral Society, Inc. Morristown Morris Strategic planning/assessment $24,750 Levoy Theatre Preservation Society, Inc. Millville Cumberland Working capital/cash reserve $40,000 Long Beach Island Foundation of the Arts and Sciences Loveladies Ocean Technology upgrade $40,000 Luna Stage Company, Inc. West Orange Essex Working capital/cash reserve $40,000 McCarter Theatre Center Princeton Mercer Capital equipment purchase $40,000 Monmouth County Arts Council, Inc. Red Bank Monmouth Strategic planning/assessment $40,000 Morris Museum Morristown Morris Capital equipment purchase $40,000 Nai-Ni Chen Dance Company Fort Lee Bergen Strategic planning/assessment $35,000 New Jersey Performing Arts Center Newark Essex Technology upgrade $40,000 Nimbus Dance Company Jersey City Hudson Strategic planning/assessment $35,550 North Jersey Concert Band, Inc. Oakland Bergen Capital equipment purchase $39,625 Ocean Professional Theatre Company (Surflight Theatre) Beach Haven Ocean Capital equipment purchase $30,000 Paper Mill Playhouse Millburn Essex Strategic planning/assessment $40,000 Pushcart Players Verona Essex Working capital/cash reserve $40,000 Rise Up Community Arts, Inc. Edison Middlesex Capital equipment purchase $23,964 Shakespeare Theatre of New Jersey Florham Park Morris Technology upgrade $30,968 South Jersey Cultural Alliance Galloway Atlantic Technology upgrade $35,200 South Street Theater/The Community Theatre (Mayo Performing Arts Center) Morristown Morris Technology upgrade $40,000 Union County Performing Arts Center Rahway Union Capital equipment purchase $40,000 Wheaton Arts and Cultural Center Millville Cumberland Capital equipment purchase $36,924 Young Audiences of New Jersey (Young Audiences New Jersey & Eastern Pennsylvania) Princeton Mercer Technology upgrade $21,578 About the New Jersey Cultural Trust The New Jersey Cultural Trust, an authority in but not of the New Jersey Department of State, was created in July 2000 as a public/private partnership. Through the establishment of a permanent investment fund, the Trust helps to ensure a stable and healthy nonprofit cultural industry in New Jersey that is sustainable even in the toughest of economic times. The Trust provides grants to support capital projects, endowments, and institutional and financial stabilization of arts, history, and humanities organizations in New Jersey. To learn more about the Trust, please visit our website at nj.gov/state/culturaltrust/ Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate