Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2012-1011.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 11, 2012 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno and New Jersey Devils Celebrate Albany Devils Hockey Coming Back To Atlantic City Four Sunday Games Against Top Eastern Conference Rivals to Be Played at Boardwalk Hall TRENTON, NJ – Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today joined New Jersey Devils Chairman and Managing Partner Jeff Vanderbeek and Devils President/CEO/General Manager Lou Lamoriello to announce the return of Albany Devils hockey to Atlantic City, with four regular season games scheduled to be played at Boardwalk Hall as part of the team’s upcoming 2012-13 schedule. These games are building off the successful five minor league games played during the 2010-2011 season and the 2012 AHL All-Star game, giving fans the opportunity to see the future stars of the Devils and the NHL. The announcement secures another significant sports and entertainment event in New Jersey and bolsters Atlantic City’s tourism economy. “Tourism is one of New Jersey’s largest and most popular industries, generating $38 billion in economic activity and 312,000 jobs. Albany Devils hockey games are the kind of events that are sure to spur the local economy through money spent at restaurants, shops and casino hotels,” said Lt. Governor Guadagno. “Events such as these make Atlantic City one of New Jersey’s premiere family entertainment destinations and support both the regional and state economies.” Since taking office, the Christie Administration has taken strategic, comprehensive efforts to ensure New Jersey continues to be a leading destination for sports and entertainment events. To reinvigorate the state’s tourism promotion activities, the Christie Administration has consolidated the structure of all current government tourism promotion activities and operations under a realigned New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority. “The New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority now operates with a tourism-centric purpose, as a “one-stop shop” for tourism, travel, exhibitions and athletic events in the state,” continued Lt. Governor Guadagno. “This 'one-stop shop' model is working for New Jersey’s business community. Our Partnership for Action has been instrumental for assisting both big corporate and small neighborhood businesses to stay and grow in the Garden State. This is important when you realize that the tourism industry ranks third in the state after pharmaceuticals and chemicals.” In addition to hosting Super Bowl XLVIII at MetLife Stadium in 2014, the Garden State is welcoming numerous sporting events, concerts and tournaments including Wrestle Mania, America’s Got Talent, Formula 1 Grand Prix Racing and the 2014 Special Olympics National Games. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate