Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-1008.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 8, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Historical Commission and Crossroads of the American Revolution Announce United States 250th Anniversary Logo Contest Now Seeking Designs to Represent Revolution NJ, New Jersey’s Initiative to Commemorate 250 Years of United States history TRENTON, NJ – Attention, all New Jersey graphic designers and artists! The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) and Crossroads of the American Revolution National Heritage Area seek a signature logo to embody Revolution NJ , New Jersey’s initiative to commemorate the 250th anniversary (or Semiquincentennial) of the United States. The logo will be used across the state and nation to promote Revolution NJ events, projects, and programs planned to explore 250 years of United States history. The winning logo design will receive a $1,500 cash prize. The deadline for submission is 3:00 p.m. on Monday, November 25, 2019. The selected logo will be publicly presented during Patriots Week in Trenton, New Jersey, on Saturday, December 28, 2019. In 2018, the New Jersey State Legislature passed legislation requiring the NJHC to establish a program for the 250th in New Jersey and granted permission to enter into a public-private agreement with a non-profit organization. Crossroads of the American Revolution National Heritage Area was selected as that partner. The two organizations are kicking off efforts this fall with the statewide logo contest in search of a design that will represent Revolution NJ . “Through this contest, we hope to find a logo that will engage new audiences in learning about the New Jersey’s diverse history and inspire broad participation from all state residents as we plan projects and programs commemorating 250 years of the United States,” said Sara Cureton, executive director of the NJHC. “New Jersey is a state of varied, talented artists. We can’t wait to see the visuals that can help shape the next 250 years,” said Janice Selinger, executive director of the Crossroads of the American Revolution. For more information and to access the contest guidelines, please visit history.nj.gov . About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. Crossroads of the American Revolution National Heritage Area Crossroads of the American Revolution National Heritage Area was established by the U.S. Congress to connect the people and places of New Jersey's rich Revolutionary heritage to inspire community pride, stewardship and civic engagement. The only National Heritage Area to focus exclusively on the impact of the war for independence on average citizens, Crossroads works with state, local and national partners to promote and enhance the New Jersey's Revolutionary-era historical sites and landscapes. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate