Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-1122.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - November 22, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Historical Commission’s Annual Conference Examines 250 Years of New Jersey’s Democracy TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey Historical Commission will explore how New Jerseyans have historically engaged in our democracy during its annual conference, Imperfectly Civil: History of Politics and Civics in New Jersey , on December 3, 2024 at the Douglass Student Center in New Brunswick, NJ. Presented as part of the RevolutionNJ initiative, the conference will focus on the history of political participation through elections, public debates, activism, and beyond. The Commission is pleased to announce that the event will begin with opening remarks from Governor Phil Murphy and a recorded message from Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way. Following the welcome, Dr. Elizabeth Matto, director of the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers University, will provide the keynote address discussing research from her latest publication, To Keep the Republic: Thinking, Talking, and Acting like a Democratic Citizen . During her presentation, Dr. Matto will share insights on how New Jerseyans have acted like democratic citizens in the past and how the history field can support the democratic process today. The keynote will be moderated by Simon Galperin, community journalist and executive editor of The Jersey Bee . The conference will also offer panels exploring the many ways in which communities can participate in civic life. Morning panel sessions include “We wish to please our own cause” which will discuss the experiences of African Americans journalists in post Reconstruction New Jersey and Fighting for Inclusion which will highlight the long history of civic engagement within New Jersey’s Asian American communities. During the lunch, catered by 1911 Smokehouse, attendees can join the lightning session speakers for 5-minute presentations on the latest research and program developments in the field. In the afternoon, panel sessions will resume with Emerging Independence exploring women’s history of political participation in New Jersey, and New Jersey’s Nature outlining the intersection between politics and environmental protection. Power and Politics will look at party bosses, labor disputes, and advocacy for “good government” while Youth Activism: Past and Present will share how students have politically engaged in the 20th century and today. Grappling with the Legacy of Revolutionary Ideals in the 20th Century will examine how the ideals of freedom and justice for all were and were not advanced during the early 20th century. Finally, Publishing in New Jersey will provide information and advice for researchers and authors looking to get their work into print. “As we move forward after a contentious election season, it is important to remember the democratic values that unite us all,” said New Jersey Historical Commission Executive Director Sara Cureton. “Our conference provides an opportunity to reflect on how New Jerseyans have historically navigated political divides and what we can do to build a stronger republic today.” “Now more than ever, it is critical for all Americans to examine our shared past and to increase our civic engagement,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way. “The New Jersey Historical Commission’s conference is an excellent opportunity to explore how we arrived at this present moment and how we might move forward, together.” Registration and program information is available at history.nj.gov . This conference is cohosted by the New Jersey Historical Commission, RevolutionNJ, and Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers University. About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. About RevolutionNJ RevolutionNJ is a partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution Association to plan the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate