Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2011-0819.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 19, 2011 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ State Council on the Arts Elects New Chair and Officers Ofelia Garcia of Jersey City Elected Chair Ofelia Garcia, Chair, NJ State Council on the Arts TRENTON, NJ – At its 45th Annual Meeting on July 26 the New Jersey State Council on the Arts elected new officers to lead agency efforts in support of New Jersey’s vibrant arts industry. The officers include Ofelia Garcia of Jersey City as chair, Elizabeth Mattson of Green Pond as 1st vice chair, and Germaine Trabert of Westfield as 2nd vice chair. Ms. Garcia replaces Sharon Burton Turner of Montclair who held the post for two terms. “I am honored to be elected chair by my peers on the Council, and grateful for the opportunity to direct my passion for the arts to the important work of this agency in my new role,” remarked Ms. Garcia. “As Council chair, Sharon exemplified remarkable strength, dedication and grace, and I look forward to building on the accomplishments made under her leadership to serve the people of New Jersey.” The New Jersey State Council on the Arts is an agency within the New Jersey Department of State. It receives funding in direct appropriation from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee and grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. Since 1966, its volunteer members and professional staff have worked to improve the quality of life in New Jersey by helping the arts to flourish through a comprehensive roster of programs, services and competitive grants . The public funds invested through the Arts Council have profound positive impact on communities and individuals statewide. Support for New Jersey’s arts industry contributes to quality education, increased health and wellness, stimulates $1.2 billion in economic activity, supports 20,000 businesses, sustains more than 80,000 jobs and returns $41 million in state tax revenue. For more information about the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, please visit www.artscouncil.nj.gov . To learn about what’s happening in the arts across the state, visit www.jerseyarts.com , or call the toll-free hotline 1-800- THE ARTS. Photo credit: William Paterson University, Office of Public Relations Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate