Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-1026.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 26, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission and NBCUniversal Announce Production Assistant Bootcamp in Old Bridge Free Diverse Production Assistant Training Program Open To New Jersey Residents NEWARK, N.J. – The NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission invites New Jersey residents interested in pursuing a career in film and television production to apply for the upcoming Production Assistant Bootcamp scheduled for November 6 and 7 in Old Bridge. The diverse Production Assistant (P.A.) Bootcamp training program is a two-day thorough, intensive, real-world work-based job training program that provides an opportunity to gain skills, knowledge and understanding of a film/TV production. The program trains individuals from diverse backgrounds for the job of Production Assistant, which is the entry level gateway into the entertainment industry as it has been for many highly successful producers, directors and crew currently working in the industry. The workforce training program is provided free of charge to accepted participants, thanks to the generous sponsorship of NBCUniversal. This will be the fifth P.A. Bootcamp to be held in New Jersey since 2018. So far, 109 New Jersey residents from diverse backgrounds have participated in the P.A. Bootcamps. “Prior to P.A. Bootcamp, I had worked on small productions (commercials and an indie film), lacking exposure to things that come up on a big production, said Allison Stulb, a 24-year old resident of Cherry Hill. “P.A. Bootcamp prepared me for what it would be like to be on a big set, and I credit them for my success as a P.A. on my first big budget project. I was able to get a great foundation, refine my skills, and most importantly learn walkie talkie etiquette and how to read a call sheet.” The two-day weekend training program is designed to train Set and Office Production Assistants. Participants will learn everything necessary to walk on any film or television set and do the job right from day one. Although a job after the Bootcamp is not guaranteed, with the rapid increase in film and television production in the State, the demand for qualified P.A.s is high. Participants are required to wear face masks at all times, and at least six-feet social distancing must be maintained throughout the duration of the program. Interested residents can learn more at www.pabootcamp.com and apply via email. Write to: productionassistanttraining@gmail.com and place Old Bridge Bootcamp in the subject line. The email should include your name, email, phone number and a short paragraph explaining why you want to attend. Email registration is not an automatic confirmation of attendance. You may receive a request for a phone interview. Acceptance into the training will be confirmed by email. Applicants MUST be able to attend training on BOTH November 6 and November 7 and be able to accept Production Assistant work in New Jersey in the next several months. Space is limited, so residents are encouraged to apply immediately. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The commission, formed in 1978, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. New Jersey currently offers tax incentives for film/television productions including a diversity bonus. Learn more at www.film.nj.gov or contact the commission at njfilm@sos.nj.gov . About NBCUniversal NBCUniversal is one the world's leading media and entertainment companies in the development, production, and marketing of entertainment, news and information to a global audience. NBCUniversal owns and operates a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, world-renowned theme parks, and a premium ad-supported streaming service. NBCUniversal is a subsidiary of Comcast Corporation. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate