Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njcounts.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - NJ Complete Count Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State, Jersey Civic Engage NJ Complete Count Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Complete Count Commission About the Commission At its core, New Jersey’s 2020 Census effort will be a matter of effectuating a statutory mandate. Recently-enacted law establishes a “New Jersey Complete Count Commission” consisting of 27 members. As the statute provides, it “shall be the duty of the commission to develop, recommend, and assist in the administration of a census outreach strategy to encourage full participation in the 2020 federal decennial census of population.” The commission will hold at least 3 public hearings in different regions of the state. By law, the Secretary of State shall serve as commission chairperson and the convener of these efforts. In addition, the statute demands that the Department of State “shall provide the staff services necessary to support the functions of the commission.” The federal government has a constitutional obligation to conduct an “actual enumeration” of the national population every 10 years by determining the “whole number of persons” in the United States. This count is known as the Census. Commission Members The Hon. Tahesha Way , Chair The Hon. Jon Bramnick The Hon. Nia Gill The Hon. Verlina Reynolds Jackson The Hon. Yvonne Lopez The Hon. Gabriela M. Mosquera The Hon. Nilsa Cruz-Perez The Hon. Nellie Pou Theodore Conrad Len Preston The Hon. Douglas R. Cabana The Hon. James L. Cassella Reverend Kenneth Darryl Ray Clayton Sara Z. Cullinane, Esq. Eileen De Freece-Wilson The Hon. Maura R. DeNicola Maria Bonita Duncan Reva Foster Gail B. Gordon, Esq. George Gore Michael E. Greene, Esq. Stacy A. Johnson Laura E. Matos Gualberto (Gil) Medina Mary L. Rivera Michele N. Siekerka, Esq. Terry Tucker Hearing Schedule January 9, 2019 The War Memorial Trenton, New Jersey March 21, 2019 Passaic County Community College Paterson, New Jersey April 24, 2019 The Salvation Army Community Center Camden, New Jersey NJ Complete Count Commission Grant Opportunities Questions? Frequently Asked Questions (updated 4P 10/31/19) If you have questions regarding the DOS20203-Cty and/or DOS20203-NP Grant program please contact us at 609-633-0522 or email us at Census2020@sos.nj.gov . If you have general questions regarding the NJ Complete Count Commission please call this number 609-777-2581 . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate