Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0919a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 19, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State LT. GOVERNOR WAY KICKS OFF 7TH ANNUAL NEW JERSEY BALLOT BOWL Lt. Governor Joined by New York Giants Stars and Students to Raise Awareness for Voter Registration and Engagement WAYNE, NJ, Sept. 19, 2024 – Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way joined students, faculty, and staff at William Paterson University on Tuesday September 17th to kick off the 7th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl on National Voter Registration Day. The New Jersey Ballot Bowl is an annual statewide, non-partisan voter registration and engagement competition, established by Lieutenant Governor Way in her capacity as Secretary of State and New Jersey’s chief election official. Collegiate-based teams compete within conferences based upon campus size to see who can register the most voters and obtain the most commitments to vote. Each year, young people across New Jersey participate and help their peers on campus, as well as people in the surrounding communities, become New Jersey voters. The competition ends on Election Day, November 5, 2024. Since the Ballot Bowl’s establishment in 2018, hundreds of New Jersey college students have helped thousands of their classmates register to vote and participate in our elections. In the last presidential election in 2020, New Jersey had the highest youth voter turnout in the nation. The program featured remarks from Lieutenant Governor Way, Richard J. Helldobler, President of William Paterson University (WP), Idida Rodriguez, Board of Trustee member at WP, Teddy Lockhart, WP Student Government Association President, and Donna Minnich Spuhler, WP Director of Campus Activities, Service & Leadership. Students were thrilled to hear from NY Giants players Kayvon Thibodeaux and Bobby Okereke about the importance of voting. “Ballot Bowl is so important in helping drive voter registration and participation through the efforts of hundreds of students across New Jersey,” said Lieutenant Governor Way. “It’s exciting to see these young New Jerseyans step up, give back and get so involved in our great democracy. We’re expecting great things from this year’s competition.” “It means a great deal to all of us at William Paterson University to host the launch of 2024’s Ballot Bowl,” said University President Helldobler. “It is vital for our students here and throughout the state to exercise their right to vote and understand the importance of democracy in our country.” “William Paterson University is committed to encouraging our students and those throughout or state to be active participants in the election process,” said WP Student Government Association President Lockhart. “The best way to make our voices heard and impact our country is to vote. Ballot Bowl is a great way to raise awareness and also have some fun with a little friendly competition amongst our fellow New Jersey students.” The livestream recording of the event can be found here . Kayvon Thibodeaux also provided this video to share with Ballot Bowl schools to help recruit participants. An award Touchdown Ceremony will take place for the winning school just after the election. 2024 Ballot Bowl participating schools include: Bergen Community College Berkeley College Brookdale Community College Camden County College Centenary University County College of Morris Drew University Felician University Hudson County Community College Kean University Mercer County Community College Middlesex College Monmouth University Montclair State University New Jersey Institute of Technology Passaic County Community College Princeton University Ramapo College of New Jersey Rider University Rowan College at Burlington County Rutgers University - Newark Rutgers University-New Brunswick Rutgers–Camden The College of New Jersey William Paterson University For full details on the November 5 General Election, visit VOTE.NJ.GOV , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Follow on social media: @NJ_Votes, @NJCivicEngage; #NJBallotBowl, #NJStudentsVote, #NJVotes. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate