Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/museum/events-upcoming.shtml

NJ DOS - NJ State Museum - Events, Upcoming Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey State Museum The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Events At The Museum Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate Upcoming Events Small Explorers: Shapes & Colors Feb. 8, 9:45 am, 11:00 am, and 12:00 noon Our world is made of colors and shapes, it’s what we see all around us! Small Explorers will check out some colorful art in our new Robert Duran exhibit, actively explore colorful objects and create a mandala art piece to take home. Three sessions will be offered. The program is free but registration is required. Register . Small Explorers is the Museum’s program for Trenton-area families with children ages six months to five years old. The program is supported by a grant from PNC Grow Up Great. Science Under the Stars: Cosmic Jazz: Sonification of Galaxies Feb. 22, 4:15 pm Join us in the Planetarium for this free discussion with Dr. Carrie Filion, Center for Computational Astrophysics. How do you take a galaxy and turn it into sound? Sonification is the mapping of data to sounds, and through sonification we can transform galaxy data into tones that we can hear. These sounds capture the patterns that can be seen with our eyes and tell us about the structure of the galaxy. In this lecture, we will listen to galaxy data and discover how sonification works. We will also learn how scientists are using the tools and techniques underlying these sonifications to gain new insight into how galaxies evolve in time. Reserve your seat. Annual Girl Scout event: See the World as a Scientist Feb. 22 Join us for the annual Girl Scout Day; a science-filled day focusing on astronomy and space, citizen science, and STEM careers. Learn about the wonders of the universe with our Planetarium shows, start your citizen scientist journey and discover nature all around you, chat with our Museum scientists, find out what a career in STEM really looks like and where your interests may lead you. Have fun exploring science all while earning qualifications towards badges and awards for Space Explorer, Citizen Scientist, and STEM Careers. Details and registration available on Humanitix: https://events.humanitix.com/see-the-world-as-a-scientist-girl-scout-event Small Explorers Series Local families are welcome to register for the Small Explorers program, taking place in the Discovery Den on the second Saturday of the month, October through June. This playgroup is an opportunity for you to explore the Museum with your child and connect with other families for support. Families are encouraged to sign up for a full year of sessions to build knowledge, skills and relationships. The program is 45 minutes long and begins promptly. Sessions take place in-person at 9:45, 11:00 and 12:15 PM in the Discovery Den, The program is FREE, but space is limited; advance registration is required. Contact Susan.Kozak-Buckley@sos.nj.gov to learn more and register. Small Explorers is supported by a grant from PNC Grow Up Great. NOTE: Registration requests must be received by 10:00 am the Friday before the event in order to allow time for staff to confirm space availability. Visit the Events/Calendar page for monthly program details and to register. Visit Explore Digital Resources Learn Events Support Shop About Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top