Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0815.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 7, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey-Israel Commission Publishes its Annual Report for 2022-2023 Detailing Significant Achievements and Future Goals The report details the Commission’s latest programs, economic growth, special partnerships, and more over the last year and sets the agenda for what comes next in New Jersey’s partnership with the State of Israel Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey-Israel Commission today released its annual report for Fiscal Year 2023 which details the progression and growth of the Commission over the last year, showcasing significant advancements in bolstering economic, scientific, educational, and cultural connections between the State of New Jersey and the State of Israel. This comprehensive report fulfills “the Commission's mandate to provide findings, recommendations, and plans directly to Governor Murphy,” highlighting the remarkable achievements made possible by unwavering support and dedicated teamwork. Significantly, the report reiterates the strong levels of economic growth being driven to the State’s economy through this key partnership under the Murphy Administration and under the leadership of Secretary of State Tahesha Way. Over the past year, New Jersey-Israel bilateral trade and foreign direct investment soared and maintained Israel as one of New Jersey’s most important relationships. This was reflected, as well, in new partnerships and official delegations supported by the Commission. The report underscores the following key achievements: Economic Prosperity: Bilateral trade between New Jersey and Israel surged to $1.72 billion annually, fostering mutual economic growth. Notably, foreign direct investment reached an impressive $108 million in 2022 alone. Innovation and Academic Collaboration: Academic and scientific partnerships have driven innovation, linking academic discoveries to tangible economic opportunities. These collaborations have significantly contributed to New Jersey's innovation economy. Cultural Enrichment: The Commission remains committed to nurturing cultural relations through diverse activities and programs, fostering a deeper understanding of shared values between New Jersey and Israel including through sports and music. The report can be accessed on the Commission’s website by clicking here: https://nj.gov/state/assets/pdf/njic/nj-israel-2022-public-annual-report-7-23.pdf “I am honored to introduce this annual report, which reflects the substantial progress made by the New Jersey-Israel Commission," expressed New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “Under Governor Murphy's steadfast leadership and a committed team, we have elevated the Commission to new heights, resulting in historic levels of cooperation, achievements, visits, programs, and remarkable economic activity." “This report demonstrates the enduring strength of the New Jersey-Israel relationship which continues to deliver tangible benefits to both New Jersey and Israel,” said Israel Nitzan, Acting Consul General of Israel in New York . “I thank Governor Murphy and his incredible team for their steadfast support, and am excited to see the business, cultural, scientific, and academic ties we are forging continue to flourish going forward.” “It is clear to see from this report that our partnership with Israel is having a significant positive impact on our state’s economy,” said Mark S. Levenson, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “We will continue to drive even more investment and trade, knowing that this is leading to more jobs and achievements right here in New Jersey.” “Both Governor Murphy and Secretary Way have remained steadfast supporters of the New Jersey-Israel relationship, which has allowed us to deliver wonderful and exciting opportunities across business, culture, science, and academia,” said Karin Elkis, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “I look forward to even more success in the year ahead.” “The past year will prove to be the highest point in New Jersey’s relations with Israel in history, thanks to the leadership of this Commission and a vision across the Murphy Administration to ensure a robust partnership,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “Thanks to this dedication and hard work we see jobs, innovation, and cultural bonds increasing as a product of this important mission.” About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate