Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-1015.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 15, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State CHPRD Seeking Biggest Class of Governor’s Hispanic Fellows for 2025 TRENTON, NJ – As New Jersey celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15 – October 15), the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development invites Hispanic New Jersey residents who are enrolled in college to apply for the 2025 class of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows program. Applications are open through December 9, 2024. For nearly 40 years, the Hispanic Fellows Program has helped New Jersey college students of Hispanic descent develop leadership skills and launch their careers. This year, the CHPRD is seeking the largest class in the program’s history. In 2025, the Hispanic Fellows program will welcome 35 students to acquire the skills necessary for success in a professional workplace. Students will participate in 16 leadership development days throughout the 2025 summer, receiving instruction geared toward leadership and professional education, while earning work experience through internships in government, corporate, or non-profit settings. To be eligible for the 2025 Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program, applicants must meet the following criteria: Be a resident of New Jersey Be of Hispanic descent Be enrolled in a 2 or 4-year college or university program “The Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program is a pivotal initiative in our mission to empower the next generation of Hispanic leaders. This fellowship is crucial in shaping the future of our community by offering unparalleled opportunities for professional growth, mentorship, and civic engagement,” said CHPRD Executive Director Marelyn Rivera. “By investing in these talented individuals, we are not only fostering their personal and professional development but also enhancing the collective strength and representation of the Hispanic community in New Jersey.” To learn more about the program or apply to join the 2025 class of Hispanic Fellows, visit https://nj.gov/state/chprd-hispanic-fellows-program.shtml . About the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) : Housed within the New Jersey Department of State, the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD) was established in 1975 to address the needs of the Hispanic community, recognizing that this growing population has been historically underserved. The CHPRD has a director and an advisory committee, all appointed with approval of the Governor. The Secretary of State serves as an ex-officio member of the advisory committee. Beyond its oversight of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program, CHPRD works throughout the year to invest in Hispanic Community Based Organizations. It provides annual grant funding for qualified Hispanic-focused non-profit applicants working in Entrepreneurship, Citizenship and Integration, Workforce Development, and Community Service (within the following subcategories: children at risk, health risks and disease prevention, senior citizens, mental health). Follow CHPRD on Facebook and Instagram . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate