Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2025-0206.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 6, 2025 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey is Getting Ready for 2026 200 Organizations and 100 Communities Have Joined RevolutionNJ RevolutionNJ is helping New Jersey organizations and communities prepare for the upcoming commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the United States. TRENTON, NJ - RevolutionNJ, the State’s official initiative to commemorate the nation’s semiquincentennial in 2026, has announced that over 100 New Jersey communities and 200 New Jersey organizations have officially joined in the 250th preparations. In 2018 the New Jersey State Legislature charged the New Jersey Historical Commission with planning the State’s commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States. With Crossroads of the American Revolution Association as its non-profit partner, RevolutionNJ was formed. Over the past six years, RevolutionNJ has worked steadily to build a commemoration that capitalizes on New Jersey’s unique history and re-engages its residents with the American ideals of freedom, liberty, and equality. To help all New Jerseyans participate in this once-in-a-generation commemoration, RevolutionNJ created the RevolutionNJ Community and Proud Partner programs in 2023. Since then, over 100 communities from around the state and 200 organizations representing a wide range of sectors have joined the initiative. “Participating in the 250th commemoration is an excellent opportunity to unite New Jerseyans while building a better future for the next generation,” said Sara Cureton, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission. “As seen during the 1976 bicentennial, milestone anniversaries can serve as a catalyst to build heritage tourism, strengthen history education in public schools, encourage civic engagement, generate funding for local organizations, and bring together various groups of people around a common cause. Through the RevolutionNJ Community and Proud Partner programs, we aim to provide New Jersey with the tools and resources necessary to achieve these goals in 2026 and beyond.” “New Jersey is a diverse state in many ways, so we know there will be no one-size-fits-all commemoration,” said Carrie Fellows, executive director of the non-profit Crossroads of the American Revolution Association. “Our goal is to empower New Jersey communities, organizations, and businesses to find their own connection to America’s 250th whether that be through a community clean-up event, the creation of a new symphony, or a fireworks display.” Organizations that join the RevolutionNJ Community and Proud Partner programs receive official recognition by RevolutionNJ, use of the RevolutionNJ Community and Proud Partner branding kits, ability to add their programs to statewide and nation event calendars, and invitations to exclusive networking events and planning resources. This is in addition to the option to participate in cooperative advertising and marketing opportunities as well as nationally organized programs. “2026 will be a unique opportunity for all New Jerseyans to assess the last 250 years of our history and to look forward to the next 250 years,” said New Jersey Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way who oversees the New Jersey Historical Commission in her role as New Jersey Secretary of State. “In this endeavor, New Jersey’s businesses, municipalities, counties, and community groups will play an essential role. We hope they will take advantage of the free tools and resources provided by the RevolutionNJ Proud Partner and Community programs to prepare for this special moment in our nation’s and state’s history.” To learn more about RevolutionNJ Communities and Proud Partners program, visit https://revnj.org/join-us . Keep up with news and updates concerning RevolutionNJ by joining the newsletter and following @revolutionnj on Instagram and facebook.com/revolutionnj . About RevolutionNJ Created through state legislation in 2018, RevolutionNJ is a partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution Association to plan the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate