Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0424.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 24, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY REMINDS ELIGIBLE VOTERS OF THREE WAYS TO VOTE IN UPCOMING JUNE 4 PRIMARY ELECTION TRENTON, NJ, April 24, 2024 – New Jersey is once again making it safe, simple, and secure for eligible voters to participate in the upcoming Primary Election on Tuesday, June 4, 2024, according to Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the New Jersey Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State. The state is providing three convenient ways to vote, with information on each available at VOTE.NJ.GOV : At Polling Place on Primary Election Day In-Person Early Voting Using a Mail-in Ballot “New Jersey’s eligible voters should know we continue to make it convenient to exercise their right to vote,” said Lieutenant Governor Way. “Whether they choose to participate in the early voting period, which is Wednesday, May 29 – Sunday, June 2, use a mail-in ballot, or come out on Election Day, voters can find all the information they need at vote.nj.gov. The website makes it easy to check everything from their registration status and polling place location, to county early voting sites and secure dropboxes. It’s a user-friendly experience.” Acting Director of the Division of Elections Donna Barber noted that, “County clerks are sending mail-in ballots for this election to those voters who requested them, and voters can continue to request their ballot until Monday, June 3 at 3 p.m., the day before Election Day. Voters can also choose to vote during the five-day early voting period at any of their county early voting locations. Thousands of local polling places will be open for voters on Primary Election Day, Tuesday, June 4, as well.” “No matter which way New Jersey voters choose to participate, we encourage every eligible voter to have an impact and vote in this year’s election,” said Lieutenant Governor Way. Following are details and important dates on the three ways to vote in the upcoming Primary Election: 1. At Local Polling Place on Primary Election Day Eligible registered voters can cast their ballot in person at their polling place from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Primary Election Day, Tuesday, June 4. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. Go to VOTE.NJ.GOV for polling places, which are listed on the Polling Locations page. 2. In-Person Early Voting: Wednesday, May 29 – Sunday, June 2 This option enables all eligible registered voters to cast their ballot in person, using a voting machine prior to Primary Election Day. Voters can choose to vote in person when it is most convenient for their schedule. No matter where a voter lives in their county, they can cast their specific ballot at any of their county’s designated in-person early voting locations. These county locations can be found at VOTE.NJ.GOV . Hours will be Monday-Saturday, 10:00 a.m.–8:00 p.m., and Sunday, 10:00 a.m.–6:00 p.m. No appointment is necessary. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. 3. Using A Mail-In Ballot Eligible registered voters can apply for a mail-in ballot by following the instructions found at VOTE.NJ.GOV or contacting their County Clerk. Voters will not automatically receive a mail-in ballot to participate in the Tuesday, June 4 Primary Election . Instructions to vote by mail include: Go to the Vote-By-Mail page on VOTE.NJ.GOV to download and print an Application for a Mail-in Ballot. Then, mail or deliver the completed application to the voter’s County Clerk. To receive a ballot by mail for the June 4 Primary Election, the application must be received by Tuesday, May 28 . Voters can also apply in person at a voter’s County Clerk office by 3:00 p.m. on Monday, June 3 for the Tuesday, June 4 Primary Election. Find the contact details at VOTE.NJ.GOV . Returning a mail-in ballot is once again as easy as VOTE, SIGN, SEAL, RETURN . Return options include: Mail : Ballot must be postmarked by 8 p.m. on Tuesday, June 4 and received by Monday, June 10 . Secure Ballot Drop Box : Place ballot in one of the secure ballot drop boxes within the voter’s county by 8 p.m. on Tuesday, June 4 for the Primary Election. Drop box locations can be found at VOTE.NJ.GOV . Board of Elections Office : Deliver in person to the county Board of Elections by 8 p.m. on Tuesday, June 4 . NOTE : Mail-in ballots CANNOT be returned to polling places. For full details on the Tuesday, June 4 Primary Election, visit VOTE.NJ.GOV , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate