Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/doe-publications.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Printable Flyers & Publications Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Printable Flyers & Publications Printable Flyers Early Voting Printable Flyers In-Person Early Voting Printable Flyers are currently being updated. 3 Ways To Vote Printable Flyers 3 Ways To Vote Printable Flyers are currently being updated. Poll Worker Printable Flyers Poll Worker Printable Flyers are currently being updated. Vote By Mail Printable Flyers Vote By Mail Printable Flyers are currently being updated. How to Vote at the Polls Printable Flyers How to Vote at the Polls Printable Flyers are currently being updated. 8 Quick Links to Important Information About Elections Printable Flyers 8 Quick Links to Important Information About Elections Printable Flyers - English Poll Location Posters Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster Primary Election Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - English Primary Election Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Spanish Primary Election Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Gujarati Primary Election Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Korean Generic Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - English Generic Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Spanish Generic Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Gujarati Generic Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Korean General Election Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - English General Election Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Spanish General Election Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Gujarati General Election Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster - Korean Vote By Mail Poster Primary Election Vote By Mail Poster - English Primary Election Vote By Mail Poster - Spanish Primary Election Vote By Mail Poster - Gujarati Primary Election Vote By Mail Poster - Korean Generic Vote By Mail Poster - English Generic Vote By Mail Poster - Spanish Generic Vote By Mail Poster - Gujarati Generic Vote By Mail Poster - Korean General Election Vote By Mail Poster - English General Election Vote By Mail Poster - Spanish General Election Vote By Mail Poster - Gujarati General Election Vote By Mail Poster - Korean No Electioneering Poster No Electioneering Poster - English No Electioneering Poster - Spanish No Electioneering Poster - Gujarati No Electioneering Poster - Korean Election Guides Division of Elections Adopted Rules 2024 Election Guides Issued Title 05/02/24 Guide to Ballot Drop Boxes 10/23/24 Board of Elections Ballot Counting Guide 05/02/24 Board of Elections Vote-by-Mail Ballot Review Guide 05/02/24 Guide to Signature Verification of Mail-In and Provisional Ballots and Cure of Discrepant or Missing Signatures 05/03/24 Guideline for the Conduct of Early Voting 05/03/24 New Jersey Early Voting Emergency Ballot Guide 05/03/24 New Jersey Early Voting Provisional Ballot Guide 05/20/24 New Jersey District Level Reporting Guide 05/20/24 Periodic Reporting Guide 10/25/24 District Board Member Training Manual 2023 Election Guides Issued Title 11/06/23 Periodic Reporting Guide 05/25/23 Board of Elections Ballot Counting Guide 05/04/23 New Jersey District Level Reporting Guide 2022 Election Guides Issued Title 11/02/22 2022 New Jersey District Level Reporting Guide 10/28/22 New Jersey Early Voting Emergency Ballot Guide 10/28/22 New Jersey Early Voting Provisional Ballot Guide 10/27/22 Board of Elections Vote-by-Mail Ballot Review Guide 10/27/22 Guide to Signature Verification of Mail-In and Provisional Ballots and Cure of Discrepant or Missing Signatures 10/18/22 Guideline for the Conduct of Early Voting 09/30/22 2022 Board of Elections Ballot Counting Guide 09/16/22 Guide to Ballot Drop Boxes 2021 Election Guides Issued Title 09/28/21 2021 Guidelines for the Conduct of Early Voting 09/09/21 2021 New Jersey Early Voting Emergency Ballot Guide 09/30/21 2021 New Jersey Early Voting Provisional Ballot Guide 2020 Election Guides Issued Title 10/19/20 2020 Board of Elections Ballot Counting Guide 10/02/20 2020 New Jersey Signature Verification and Cure Guide 10/02/20 2020 Board of Elections Ballot Review Guide 09/30/20 2020 Guide to In-Person Voting 09/25/20 2020 Ballot Drop Box Guide Voting Districts Maps The maps available are graphic presentations and should be interpreted as such. The State of New Jersey, NJ Department of Transportation, and the NJ Division of Elections will not be held liable for any deficiencies or inaccuracies. NJ Congressional Districts 2022-2031 NJ Legislative Districts 2022-2030 (letter size) NJ Legislative Districts 2022-2030 (poster size) NJ Congressional District by County NJ Counties by Congressional District NJ Legislative District by County NJ Counties by Legislative District 2022 Congressional Redistricting NJ Congressional Map 2022 Berkeley Bridgewater East Greenwich Freehold Hillsborough Jersey City Kearny Lacey Linden Maywood Mendham Middletown Montclair Newark Old Bridge Wayne Plan Components Report Population Summary Report Districts & Their Incumbents 2022 Legislative Apportionment Plan Legislative redistricting is the process of redrawing the boundary lines of legislative districts. The purpose of legislative redistricting is to ensure that each person is equally represented in our democracy by the creation of districts that are as equal in population as practicable, consistent with other state constitutional parameters, so as to achieve the principle of "one person – one vote." The legislative redistricting process must occur every ten years, at the beginning of each decade, after a state officially receives the results of the federal decennial census, which provides the demographic and geographic data from which the districts are created. Municipalities sorted alphabetically MAPS: Statewide legislative district maps Statewide Legislative District Map - Letter Size Statewide Legislative District Map - Poster Size Jersey City Map Newark Map Other Publications New Jersey Electronic Ballot Duplication System Project Report NJ District Board Worker Training Manual Revised - 10/10/18 Voter Restoration Handbook - Restore Your Right to Vote in New Jersey HAVA State Plan Page Last Updated: 1/16/25 Voter Information Portal Register to Vote! County Election Officials Candidate Information County Information Election Archive Printable Flyers & Publications Covid-19 Election Resources Be A Poll Worker Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate