Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0130.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 30, 2020, Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Governor Phil Murphy Appoints Janice Kovach To The New Jersey Motion Picture And Television Commission NEWARK, N.J. — The New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission is pleased to announce the addition of Janice Kovach to the 10-member Commission. Governor Phil Murphy’s appointment of Kovach was approved by the Senate on January 13. Kovach has served as Mayor of Clinton since 2011, where she co-established the River Town Film Festival, a non-profit organization dedicated to exploring the theme of community through independent films. In 2019, Kovach was appointed chair of the Hunterdon County Film Commission, which she helped establish in concert with Hunterdon County Economic Development. Currently, Kovach serves as First Vice President of the NJ League of Municipalities, and will become President in November, 2020. Understanding the importance of a female voice in business and government, Kovach volunteers her time training and mentoring women in the political arena. Previously, she has served in several leadership capacities on boards of various service-oriented women’s organizations. “Janice’s valuable experience in municipal administration, longtime passion for film and extensive network of contacts bring tremendous value to the Commission,” said Michael Uslan, Chairman of the NJMPTC. “I’m thrilled to join the Motion Picture and Television Commission at this exciting time. I look forward to supporting New Jersey’s growing film industry and ensuring our workers, businesses, and communities benefit from the presence of film and television productions in the Garden State,” said Kovach. The Commission, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. Since its formation in 1978, close to 25,000 productions have been filmed in New Jersey, enhancing the local economy by over $2.6 billion. In 2019, film and television production enhanced the state economy by over $350 million. Many high-profile productions have recently been attracted to the Garden State by New Jersey’s Film Tax Credit Program, which offers eligible production companies a 30-35% transferable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, plus an additional 2% diversity bonus for qualified projects. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate