Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/volunteer-conference-2021.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service - Together While Apart: Serving in Extraordinary Times Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Together While Apart: Serving in Extraordinary Times New Jersey Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster and the New Jersey Governor's Office of Volunteerism are proud to bring you – Together While Apart: Serving in Extraordinary Times . This statewide conference will combine NJVOAD's annual disaster resiliency conference with the New Jersey Governor’s Conference on Volunteerism and Service. Join us on April 7th from 8:30am-4:30pm as we bring together participants from non-profit, faith-based, corporate, educational, healthcare, governmental and national service organizations from across our region to learn, network and share best practices in community resilience and volunteerism. To register for the conference: https://cvent.me/Egg0EP . Feel free to browse through the pages to learn more about the workshops, speakers, and exhibitors and sponsors. Opportunities to become an exhibitor or sponsor are still available! Just reply to this e-mail for more information. Please SHARE this link. This is a FREE virtual conference, and all are encouraged to attend. Make sure to Register Early! Notes when registering: To register, click on the link ( https://cvent.me/Egg0EP ) and click on any of the blue “Register Now” buttons. When registering please make sure you type in your e-mail address correctly. You will be able to select the workshops you wish to attend. You can select one or all, there is no limit on your workshop selections. If you’d like to register more than one person at a time, you can! The registration limit is 10 per registration. When the registration is complete – you will be given a registration confirmation number. SAVE THIS NUMBER . You will need it to log into the site for the conference or to edit/change any registration information. Your confirmation e-mail will be coming from the following e-mail address: NJVOAD & Governor's Office of Volunteerism ( kadams@njvoad.org ). If you do not see it, check your clutter, SPAM and/or junk e-mail folders. Thank you for supporting Volunteerism in New Jersey! VolunteerNJ VolunteerNJ@sos.nj.gov Follow us on FB: New Jersey Governor’s Office of Volunteerism IG: @VolunteerNewJersey Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate