Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0414.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 14, 2022, New Jersey Cultural Trust Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Isabel (Izzy) Kasdin Appointed Executive Director of the New Jersey Cultural Trust Trenton, N.J. – The Board of the New Jersey Cultural Trust (NJCT), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, selected Isabel (Izzy) Kasdin as the NJCT’s next executive director at its March 7, 2022 meeting. The NJCT was established in 2000 as a public/private partnership to help ensure a stable and healthy nonprofit cultural industry in New Jersey. The NJCT provides grants to support capital projects, endowments and institutional and financial stabilization of arts, history and humanities organizations in New Jersey. Funding for the grants comes from interest earned on the Cultural Trust Fund, which is a permanent investment fund. As the NJCT’s executive director, Kasdin will be responsible for promoting responsible stewardship of the NJCT’s invested assets as well as setting long-term strategy for how the NJCT’s grant-making can best impact the State’s cultural sector. Kasdin stepped into her post on April 11, 2022. Sara Cureton led the NJCT from 2007 to the present, while also serving as executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission. “Ms. Kasdin’s appointment presents an enormous opportunity to expand the impact of the NJCT at a critical time for New Jersey’s cultural community,” Ms. Cureton observed. “All of us at the Department of State look forward to working with Ms. Kasdin to strengthen the vital arts, history, and humanities organizations in our state.” Kasdin served as executive director of the Historical Society of Princeton from May 2016 through early 2022. In this capacity, she helped HSP achieve greater visibility and brand awareness in the local and regional community, built a new interpretive and programming strategy after a headquarters move, completed a large capital campaign and renovation project at HSP’s headquarters site, and increased HSP’s individual and grant fundraising revenues. “Ms. Kasdin is recognized for her visionary cultural leadership and her ability to work collaboratively with partners and stakeholders,” noted NJCT Board Chair Bette Daniele. “The NJCT Board is delighted that she agreed to take this position.” “Serving New Jersey’s vibrant cultural community is a priority for the Department of State. The grant program of the New Jersey Cultural Trust is particularly important now as arts, history, and humanities organizations reopen and rebuild,” said Acting Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “I am honored to have been selected as the New Jersey Cultural Trust’s next leader,” said Kasdin. “As someone who shepherded a NJ nonprofit cultural organization through the COVID19 crisis, I am intimately familiar with the unique challenges facing our state’s cultural institutions. A vibrant arts and culture sector is one of New Jersey’s greatest assets, and I look forward to working with partners across the state to ensure the sector’s long-term sustainability.” The New Jersey Cultural Trust is a division of the New Jersey Department of State. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate