Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-asian-american-study.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Asian American Study Foundation Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Asian American Study Foundation Statutes NJSA 52:9WW-1 Asian American Study Foundation. NJSA 52:9WW-2 Board of trustees NJSA 52:9WW-3 Employment of executive director, personnel; contract authority. NJSA 52:9WW-4 Secretary of state incorporator, initial chair of board. NJSA 52:9WW-5 Adoption of bylaws. NJSA 52:9WW-6 Reports to Governor, Legislature, public. NJSA 52:9WW-7 Use of funds. NJSA 52:9WW-8 Financial assistance, eligibility for grants NJSA 52:9WW-9 Expenses payable from foundation's funds. NJSA 52:9WW-10 Annual audit. 52:9WW-1 Asian American Study Foundation. 1. The Secretary of State is authorized to establish a nonprofit organization to be known as the Asian American Study Foundation. The foundation shall be devoted to developing and coordinating Statewide programs recognizing the continuing contributions of Asian Americans in New Jersey. It shall draw upon its members' shared knowledge and expertise in creating programs and activities designed to better educate all citizens of New Jersey as to Asian American issues and culture and to promote the spirit of Mahatma Gandhi, Aung San Suu Kyi, and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., by celebrating the religious, ethnic and racial diversity within this State. The foundation shall develop policies to improve the community, economic, social well-being, health and educational needs important to Asian Americans in New Jersey and increase awareness among Asian Americans as to governmental affairs and community and social service resources that may benefit Asian American individuals and communities as a whole. It shall also make recommendations for local, county and Statewide actions to follow up the foundation's recommendations and consider such other matters relating to the institutions and legacies of Asian Americans in New Jersey as the members of the foundation may deem appropriate. The foundation shall be incorporated as a New Jersey nonprofit corporation pursuant to P.L.1983, c.127 (C.15A:1-1 et seq.), and organized and operated in such manner as to be eligible under applicable federal law for tax-exempt status and for the receipt of tax-deductible contributions, and shall be authorized to sue and to be sued as a legal entity separate from the State of New Jersey. L.2005, c.371, s.1. 52:9WW-2 Board of trustees. 2. The Asian American Study Foundation shall be governed by a board of trustees consisting of the following 25 members, each chosen to ensure ethnic diversity and broad geographic representation within New Jersey. Foundation members shall include persons who are leaders in Asian American organizations or communities, or have training or a verifiable interest in Asian American history or culture. a. Legislative membership shall be as follows: the President of the Senate shall appoint one member of the Senate, who shall be a member of the same political party as the Senate President. The Minority Leader of the Senate shall appoint one member of the Senate, who shall be a member of the same political party as the Senate Minority Leader. The Speaker of the General Assembly shall appoint one member of the General Assembly, who shall be a member of the same political party as the Speaker. The Minority Leader of the General Assembly shall appoint one member of the General Assembly, who shall be a member of the same political party as the Assembly Minority Leader. Legislative members shall serve during the two-year legislative term in which appointments are made. b. Executive membership shall be appointed by the Governor as follows: the Secretary of State or a designee; one representative from the Governor's office; one representative from the New Jersey Asian American Chamber of Commerce; two representatives from the Department of Community Affairs; the Commissioner of Education and the Commissioner of Health and Senior Services, or their designees; the Secretary of the New Jersey Commerce and Economic Growth Commission or a designee; and a representative from the New Jersey Economic Development Authority. Each member appointed from the Executive Branch shall serve at the pleasure of the Governor during the term of office of the Governor appointing the member and until the member's successor is appointed and qualified. c. Public membership shall be as follows and shall be persons recommended by or who represent various civic, social, business and artistic organizations committed to advancing the interest of the Asian American community in New Jersey, as well as those concerned with the issues of civil rights, human rights, social and economic justice and equality and other issues concerning the Asian American community. The Governor shall appoint 12 public members who shall be residents of the State of New Jersey and shall include: two persons having expertise or a background in policies affecting the Asian American community; two persons representing the clergy, religious organizations or communities; two persons of Asian origin or heritage, who support the work of the foundation; one person representing a post-secondary educational institution with an academic program in Asian American culture; one person representing a secondary educational institution with a large Asian American population; one person representing the legal community; one person representing the medical community; one person representing law enforcement; and one person representing the New Jersey Council on the Arts. Public members shall serve for a term of two years from the date of their appointment and until their successors are appointed and qualified; except that of the first appointments hereunder: six shall be for a term of one year and six for two years. Vacancies resulting from causes other than by expiration of a term shall be filled for the unexpired term only and shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointments were made. L.2005, c.371, s.2. 52:9WW-3 Employment of executive director, personnel; contract authority. 3. The foundation's board of trustees shall be authorized, within the limits of its own funds, to employ an executive director and professional, technical and administrative personnel. Employees of the foundation shall not be construed to be employees of the State of New Jersey. The board shall also be authorized to contract for such professional and administrative services as it shall deem necessary. No member of the board of trustees shall engage in any business transaction or professional activity for profit with the Department of State. L.2005, c.371, s.3. 52:9WW-4 Secretary of state incorporator, initial chair of board. 4. The Secretary of State shall be an incorporator of the foundation. The Secretary of State shall serve as the initial chair of the board of trustees. L.2005, c.371, s.4. 52:9WW-5 Adoption of bylaws. 5. Upon the incorporation of the foundation and the establishment of the first board of trustees, the board shall adopt bylaws setting forth the structure, offices, powers and duties of the foundation, using the following guidelines. Members of the foundation shall serve without compensation, but shall be entitled to reimbursement for necessary expenses incurred in the performance of their duties. The chairperson may appoint such subcommittees as deemed necessary or desirable, and if a subcommittee is appointed, the members of the subcommittee shall elect one of the members to serve as chair and one of the members to serve as vice-chair. The foundation shall meet no less than quarterly and at the call of the chairperson. A meeting of the foundation may also be called upon the request of 13 of the foundation's members and 13 members of the foundation shall constitute a quorum at any meeting thereof. The foundation shall hold at least four public hearings in different parts of the State, at such times and places as the foundation shall determine. All issues raised by those testifying at the hearings shall be recorded and included, together with the foundation's responses, if any, in the foundation's report to the Governor as required by section 6 of this act. L.2005, c.371, s.5. 52:9WW-6 Reports to Governor, Legislature, public. 6. The foundation shall bi-annually report its progress and advise the Governor of the foundation's recommendations as they relate to the charge and duties set forth. The foundation shall annually report its findings and recommendations to the Governor, the Legislature and the public. The report shall address the responsibilities as set forth in section 1 of this act, along with all other issues which the foundation finds to be necessarily related. L.2005, c.371, s.6. 52:9WW-7 Use of funds. 7. All funds received by the foundation, other than those necessary to pay the expenses of the foundation, shall be used exclusively for the establishment, support and promotion of the Asian American Study Foundation. L.2005, c.371, s.7. 52:9WW-8 Financial assistance, eligibility for grants 8. The Department of State is authorized to provide financial assistance and those services of employees of the State which may be required to form and incorporate the foundation within the limits of funds appropriated to the Department of State or made available to the Department of State by contribution, gift, donation or otherwise for these purposes. Once the foundation is incorporated, it may apply for grants in aid from any department or instrumentality of the State of New Jersey. L.2005, c.371, s.8. 52:9WW-9 Expenses payable from foundation's funds. 9. All expenses incurred by the foundation shall be payable from funds raised by the foundation, and no liability or obligation, in tort or contract, shall be incurred by the State for the operation of the foundation. The foundation shall obtain private counsel, and shall not be represented by the Attorney General or indemnified by the State of New Jersey. L.2005, c.371, s.9. 52:9WW-10 Annual audit. 10. A certified public accountant shall be selected by the foundation to annually audit the foundation's funds. The foundation shall contract for and receive such audit annually, and shall submit the audit to the Secretary of State and the Director of the Division of Budget and Accounting in the Department of the Treasury. L.2005, c.371, s.10. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate