Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/voter-rights.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Voter Rights and Accessibility Information Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Voter Rights and Accessibility Information DOWNLOAD: Voters' Bill Of Rights Poster Voting Right Restoration - Voting Rights of Ex-Felons in New Jersey If you are not serving a sentence of incarceration as the result of a conviction of any indictable offense under the laws of this or another state or of the United States…, you CAN vote in NJ by completing a new voter registration form . If you have any questions, contact your County Commissioner of Registration. Voter Restoration Handbook - Restore Your Right to Vote in New Jersey Voter Accessibility Voter Report Form for Polling Place Accessibility Concerns Use this simple form to electronically submit detailed descriptions of any difficulties you might have experienced while voting and/or accessing your polling location. Disability Etiquette With the passage of the "Help America Vote Act of 2002" states are required to actively integrate persons with disabilities into the electoral process. To assist State Board of Elections in this process, The United Spinal Association, a national veterans service and disability rights organization, has produced the booklet titled Disability Etiquette . This booklet was designed to help its readers in becoming more aware of what is appropriate conduct when interacting with a person with a disability. Disability Etiquette booklet Resources Voting: It's Your Right - English Voting: It's Your Right - Spanish Voting in New Jersey for People with Disabilities Brochure Voting Advisory Accessibility Committee Public Law 2005 Ch. 146, which took effect on July 12, 2005, states that a voting advisory committee must be established by the county executive or governing body and shall be composed of 7-11 members. The membership of this committee must be composed of 4 county election board members and 3 public members; a representative of the county executive or governing body, at least one person with a disability, and at least one person with ADA training. The committee would be responsible for physically inspecting each polling place with the assistance of a member with a disability. The committee shall consult with the county board of elections in reference to any inaccessible polling places within the county. The committee shall also receive notice from the Division of Elections of any complaints regarding inaccessible polling places. The voting accessibility advisory committee will also be responsible for filing the polling place report, including a list of any inaccessible polling places, with the Office of the Secretary of State/Division of Elections and the county board of elections by May 15 of each year. This report will be reviewed by the Secretary of State by July 1 of each year. Polling Place Accessibility Forms Polling Place Accessibility Checklist Polling Place Accessibility Report Form Polling Place Accessibility Report Form Certification Polling Place Accessibility Certification to Designate Polling Places Outside 1000 Feet of an Election District Polling Place Accessibility - List of Polling Places Outside 1000 Feet of an Election District Worksheet Polling Place Accessibility Waiver Certification Polling Place Accessibility Waiver Addendum Booklets/Presentations Accessibility Survey Tools Quick Guide HAVA NJ Voting NJ Polling Place Trenton Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate