Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/historical/dos_his_grants.html

NJ Department of State - Historical Commission - Grant and Award Opportunities Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Historical Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Grant Opportunities The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency within the Department of State dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. All of its grant funding is provided by legislative appropriation. The NJHC offers General Operating Support Grants, Project Grants, County History Partnership Grants and more to support a variety of programs and activities related to New Jersey history. It also offers prizes and free archival evaluation services through the Caucus Archival Projects Evaluation Service or CAPES. Guidelines for the grants and prizes program (along with reporting requirements for grant recipients) are available below: Project Grants In order to get all grant funds distributed to our constituents as early as possible within the fiscal year, the NJHC will offer only one Project Grant deadline. The Declaration of Intent deadline for FY 2026 cycle is March 10, 2025 at 3:00 p.m. The application will be due by 3:00 p.m. on April 14, 2025. Applications that are not submitted by 3:00 p.m. on the deadline date will not be considered for funding. ELIGIBILITY: Grants are available for both individuals and organizations. There are general standards of eligibility as well as specific requirements for programs. See the posted guidelines for each grant or award for details regarding eligibility. DEADLINES: All applications for Project Grants will be filed using the System for Administering Grants Electronically (SAGE) , and must be complete and filed by 3:00 p.m. on the deadline dates listed below. The entire proposal must be submitted by the applicant; NJHC staff will not assemble proposals. No revisions of the grant package are permitted after the submission deadline. All applications for Project Grants must be complete AND SUBMITTED by the posted deadline. Applications that have not been formally submitted using the SAGE system will be cancelled. All Project Grant recipients that applied for their grant using the System for Administering Grants Electronically (SAGE) must also submit their Final Report using the same system. The link to create your Final Report can be found in the 'Related Items' box of the Proposal Menu for your grant. If you are having any difficulties creating or submitting a Final report, please contact the NJHC immediately at 609-292-6062. PROJECTS: Funding for expenses of specific projects relating to New Jersey history. Eligible categories include conservation of historical materials (manuscripts, books, costumes, historical visuals); editorial and publication projects; educational initiatives; partnership projects; exhibitions; media (films, radio, videotape, digital media); public programs; and research (including archaeological projects, fellowships, oral history, and National and New Jersey registers of historic places nominations). Guidelines for FY 2025 Project Grants are posted below. Deadline FY2026 Intent to Apply March 10, 2025 Submission Deadline April 14, 2025 Notification of Award July 2025 Fiscal Year 2026 Project Grant Guidelines SAGE Guide for Creating, Completing, and Submitting an FY 2026 Project Grant Declaration Of Intent to Apply (DOI) Diversity, Equity Accessibility, and Inclusion (DEAI) The New Jersey Historical Commission is very pleased to announce the availability of the DEAI Program Application and Guidelines. The Commission is committed to making New Jersey history more accessible by placing a priority on inclusion. The DEAI Program will provide training and implementation grants to nonprofits with a New Jersey history mission. Implementation Grants will enable organizations to work toward achieving the goals outlined in an existing plan. Training Grants grantees will have access to DEAI consultants and will receive unconscious bias training; an analysis of their current programs, structure, and policies and practices; and guidance on creating a DEAI plan. The Commission is providing a list of vetted consultants from which applicants for Training Grants will select the professionals they would like to engage. Training Grants applicants must select at least one consultant from the list below . The consulting firms are provided in alphabetical order. Applicants for Implementation Grants may select consultants from the list, or they may include proposals from other qualified professionals. ISO Arts Consulting Brea Heidelberg bheidelberg@isoartsconsulting.com Rooted in Equity Levon Williams levon.williams@rootedinequity.com The application is due on March 14, 2025 . Applications will be submitted on the Commission’s website. Please review the guidelines posted below and click on the application link to complete and submit the form. DEAI Guidelines DEAI Budget Form APPLICATION Office hours will be available every Wednesday through the month of February from 12:00 – 1:00pm. To join, go to http://bit.ly/NJofficehours . FY 2024 Inclusive History Grant Program FY 2024 Inclusive History Grant Program The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is pleased to introduce a grant program focused on supporting research and interpretative planning at public history and cultural sites in New Jersey. Inclusive History Grants will fund the exploration of under-represented narratives in New Jersey history with a goal of expanding inclusive, community-centered interpretation and resources offered by historic sites and history organizations. Grants can be utilized in support of research and interpretative planning efforts that seek to tell a more diverse and complex story for a public audience. Applicants can request up to $25,000 in support of their project. Inclusive History Grant Deadlines FY2024 Declaration of Intent to Apply (DOI) October 16, 2023 Application Deadline November 17, 2023 Notification of Award Winter 2024 The Declaration of Intent (DOI) is now live on the System for Administering Grants Electronically (SAGE) View the Inclusive History Grant Guidelines Guide to Register in SAGE SAGE Guide to Complete Inclusive History Grant DOI SAGE Guide to Complete Inclusive History Grant Application Inclusive History Grants – Virtual Office Hours The NJ Historical Commission will be holding a ZOOM virtual office hour session on October 13, 2023 from 11am - noon to answer all questions from prospective Inclusive History Grant applicants ahead of the October 16th DOI deadline. Registration is required: https://us06web.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZItd--sqj4sHdVaRy2lcB54-4kzaLoUpcTc General Operating Support Grants PURPOSE: General assistance to historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, libraries, and similar organizations with collections or programming relating to the history of New Jersey. ELIGIBILITY: General Operating Support grants are available only to organizations. There are general standards of eligibility as well as specific requirements for programs. Please consult the following FY2024 General Operating Support Guidelines for more information. General Operating Support Grant The NJHC is committed to providing this support so that these historical organizations can develop and improve their services. It makes every effort to support a wide and varied list of history organizations providing New Jerseyans with excellent services, but the Commission’s funds are limited. Full funding is rarely possible. PLEASE NOTE: The General Operating Support program operates on a three-year funding cycle. The next round of General Operating Support Grants will be announced in FY2027. Deadline FY2024 Intent to Apply March 27, 2023 Submission Deadline April 27, 2023 Notification of Award July 2023 General Operating Support Grant FY2024-2026 Cycle Guidelines Submitting Your FY 2024-2026 GOS Declaration of Intent (DOI) to Apply Grant Application Process The NJHC requires that applicants submit a Declaration of Intent online prior to submitting an application. Applications and Declarations of Intent will be filed electronically using the System for Administering Grants Electronically (SAGE) . All new applicants are strongly encouraged to register for SAGE at least one week in advance of upcoming grant deadlines. If you are having any difficulties registering for SAGE, please contact the Commission immediately at 609-292-6062. SAGE Information The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) upgraded to a new version of the System for Administering Grants Electronically (SAGE) in February 2017. Current and prospective NJHC grantees are highly encouraged to do the following: View the SAGE Grantee Webinar After logging into SAGE, the webinar is located on the bottom, left-hand side under “System Information”/ “Training Videos.” Download Updated SAGE User Manual To ensure that all applicants successfully complete the submission of their application, the submission deadline is 3 p.m. on the day of the deadline. Applications that are not submitted by 3 p.m. on the deadline date will not be considered for funding. SAGE Guides for NJHC Applicants SAGE General Orientation Guide Updating Your SAGE Information FY 2022 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for History and Humanities Organizations Rotating every year with the NJ Historic Trust and NJ Council on the Arts, FY 2022 is a NJ Historical Commission year for Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants. The program is designed to assist groups in addressing financial and operational challenges that threaten their stability and to help build greater operational capacity to manage and advance their work and achieve their missions. To be eligible, an organization must first be designated as "qualified" by the New Jersey Cultural Trust. Important deadlines: March 31, 2021 – Deadline to be designated a Qualified Organization by the NJ Cultural Trust March 31, 2021 – Declarations of Intent to Apply due April 30, 2021 – Full Applications due Important documents: Application for Qualification FY 2022 New Jersey Cultural Trust Grant Guidelines Submitting Your FY 2022 Cultural Trust Declaration of Intent (DOI) to Apply Submitting Your FY 2022 Cultural Trust Application County History Partnership Program (CHPP) The County History Partnership Program (CHPP) was created in 2015 to extend local re-granting programs to all of the state’s 21 counties. The program enables the NJHC to support both existing and emerging local history organizations and practitioners serving diverse audiences. Through the partnership with county re-granting agencies, NJHC support can more effectively reach history organizations and projects in communities throughout the state. FY 2023 County History Partnership Program (CHPP) Guidelines FY 2026 – 2028 County History Partnership Program (CHPP) Guidelines County History Partnership Program (CHPP) Contact List Caucus Archival Projects Evaluation Service (CAPES) The New Jersey Historical Commission would like to take this opportunity to encourage your organization to consider CAPES (Caucus Archival Projects Evaluation Service), which provides free professional assessment of archival paper collections by consultants of the New Jersey Caucus of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Archives Conference. If your New Jersey history organization has a collection of paper items such as manuscripts, books, photographs, and maps, you may take advantage of a FREE assessment from a professional archivist of how your collection can best be conserved. CAPES consultants are available to evaluate archival collections held by New Jersey archives, libraries, historical societies, and other agencies. The linked document below is a letter from CAPES coordinator Frederic Pachman, and provides background information on the program, contact information, and other important details. Consider applying for CAPES, a joint project of the New Jersey Historical Commission and the New Jersey Caucus of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Archives Conference. In these difficult economic times, CAPES can provide an important service to your organization. CAPES Guidelines and Application CAPES Letter Artifact Assessment Program (AAP) Artifact Assessment Program - a service of the New Jersey Association of Museums. There are no deadlines for application. AAP evaluations are performed at no cost to the organization. To be eligible to receive this service organizations must: Be a non-profit located in New Jersey; Maintain publicly accessible collections that relate to New Jersey; and Hold artifact collections in the public trust. Priority is given to small to mid-sized museums, historical organizations, and libraries that lack a full-time staff and/or qualified collection specialists (e.g. curators, registrars, collection managers Types of Services Offered Initial Collection Survey (includes in-person site visit): Survey and evaluation of environmental conditions in storage and exhibition areas; Survey and evaluation of the condition of artifacts in storage and on exhibition; Survey and evaluation of the storage arrangement and collection management processes; and Survey and evaluation of documentation systems, processes, and intellectual access. Follow-up Visit (can include but not limited to): Evaluation of a significant new collection or project; Aid in disaster preparedness or response; Evaluation of a move to a new building or location; and Scope of work for a grant funded project. AAP Virtual Visit (no in-person site visit): A virtual conversation with a collections care professional on a specific topic; Topics can include artifact display/storage, artifact storage plan or move, document review; and Follow-up programs may be conducted virtually. Disclosure: Reports will not be widely discussed by consultants but will be available to staff and consultants of NJHC and NJAM’s representatives on an as needed basis. The New Jersey State Archives is the final repository for the artifact assessment program’s reports. Membership in the New Jersey Association of Museums is not required (but always appreciated) to receive service. All consultants are members of the New Jersey Association of Museums. To apply : Complete the online AAP application form and submit it. Large print and print versions are available upon request. Call the New Jersey Historical Commission at 609-292-6062 to request a large print version of the application. Grants Awarded by the New Jersey Historical Commission FY2006-FY2024 FY2025 FY2024 FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 FY2020 FY2019 FY2018 FY2017 FY2016 FY2015 FY2014 FY2013 FY2012 FY2011 FY2010 FY2009 FY2008 FY2007 FY2006 About the Commission Grant Opportunities Awards & Prizes African American History Materials for Teachers Media Projects Publications History Resources Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate