Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0418a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 18, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission to Host Health Education and Resources Event Jersey City, NJ - The New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, housed within the New Jersey Department of State, is proud to announce its upcoming Health Education and Resources event on Saturday, April 20, 2024, from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm. The event will take place at Cityline Church located at 1510 John F. Kennedy Blvd, Jersey City, NJ 07305. The event is part of the Commission's series of April initiatives that will focus on addressing Hispanic health issues. Highlighting the socio-economic factors, access to healthcare, and the impact of cultural nuances on health outcomes, the Commission aims to bridge gaps between crises in New Jersey and Puerto Rico. A panel of Commissioners, including healthcare professionals and representatives from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, will lead discussions. The panel, titled "Health Perspectives: Bridging Gaps Between the Crisis Aqui en New Jersey y Alla en Puerto Rico," will offer insights into disparities in healthcare infrastructure and community-driven solutions. Participants will have the opportunity to engage with representatives from "Get Covered NJ" to learn about insurance options, as well as receive free health screenings from volunteer medical professionals. "This event underscores our commitment to addressing health disparities and fostering a healthier future for our diverse Hispanic communities," stated Lt. Governor Way, in her capacity as Secretary of State. "As Co-Chairs of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, we are dedicated to promoting health equity and strengthening partnerships between our communities," Commission Co-Chairs Peggy Anastos and Jose Lozano jointly stated. "This event is a testament to our collective efforts in addressing the unique health challenges faced by Hispanic populations." "We are excited to facilitate meaningful discussions and provide valuable resources that empower individuals to take control of their health," stated Arianna Mouré, Esq., Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. For more information and to sign up, please visit https://www.eventbrite.com/e/la-feria-de-salud-tickets-876403174487 . About the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission The New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission was established in the wake of Hurricane Maria and was signed into law by Governor Murphy on January 9, 2020. The Commission serves to maintain and improve ties with the government and people of Puerto Rico. New Jersey has a population of over 500,000 persons of Puerto Rican descent, and it is estimated that 30,000 Puerto Ricans came to New Jersey after being displaced by Hurricane Maria. Through this Commission, the State will contribute to Puerto Rico’s economic recovery and continue the State’s significant relationship with the island by advancing bilateral trade and investment, working on joint policy issues, encouraging New Jersey companies to invest in Puerto Rico, among many other initiatives. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate