Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/about-us/success-stories/cyber-security.shtml

Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Skip to Content New Jersey Business Action Center Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close Department of State New Jersey Business Action Center The Hon. Tahesha Way, Secretary of State Chat with us or call us at 1-800-Jersey-7 Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. That’s why Tony Wittock, director/CTO of Mount Laurel-based Cyber Security Consulting Ops, encourages his clients to prepare by training their employees to detect and avoid potential threats. “You can be one click away from inviting someone into your system,” Wittock said. His business, which started in 2017, is a risk-management cybersecurity consulting firm focused on helping organizations prevent data loss and system lock-ups before a cyber breach. Wittock spent years working for Comcast and later Cisco before starting his business. “It’s something I love to do,” he said of his work protecting his clients online. Wittock’s own experiences are also top of mind as he works to protect others from cyber attacks. Many years ago, his personal home security system was hacked. “I felt violated,” Wittock said of the breach. He figured out what happened and realized he could help others avoid the pitfalls of doing business online. “In 2017, I decided to put a name to it,” he said, explaining his clients are small businesses and “any organization online that is seeking to protect its assets.” During the COVID-19 pandemic, the business suffered as clients’ priorities changed, but Wittock adapted, developing online courses for employers and employees designed to help them recognize and avoid potential threats. While he enjoys his work, Wittock said starting a business has had its highs and lows. “I thought it would be easier than it turned out to be,” he said. He learned that “the key to business was to generate relationships.” Now, more established, he has developed those crucial connections and built his client base by engaging with chambers of commerce and using good old-fashioned word of mouth. He also uses online marketing with a focus on search engine optimization (SEO) and the value of keyword searches. One of his clients recently found him with a simple Google search. Wittock had heard of the New Jersey Business Action Center after attending an event hosted by NJBAC at Rowan University a couple of years ago, but it wasn’t until he received an email from the Small Business Administration about exporting that he started to work with the NJBAC’s Office of Export Promotion. Now, he hopes to expand and serve clients outside the United States with the aid of a NJ State Trade Expansion Program (NJSTEP) grant to help translate his website into multiple languages and reach an international audience. His advice to new business owners? “Before you start a business, maybe a year or two before, start socializing and building relationships,” Wittock said. Learn more at www.cybersecurityconsultingops.com Resources Workforce Development Visit Business.NJ.gov Connect With us Call Our Business Helpline 1-800-Jersey-7 (1-800-537-7397) Request a Meeting With Us Success Stories Previous Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Next View All Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate