Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0901.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 1, 2021 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State 2021 New Jersey Ballot Bowl Kicks Off With New Partnership New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way is pleased to welcome ALL IN Campus Democracy Challenge as the Department of State’s partner in the 4th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl. The New Jersey Ballot Bowl is a non-partisan voter registration and engagement competition, led by and for students. New Jersey colleges and universities are grouped into conferences based upon campus enrollment, and each school’s Ballot Bowl team competes to tally the most voter registrations and pledges to vote in the 2021 season. This season, the New Jersey Department of State is partnering with ALL IN Campus Democracy Challenge, a national, nonpartisan nonprofit encouraging youth voter participation. ALL IN will help the Department of State expand access to the Ballot Bowl and help track team progress across the competition. In addition, schools that sign up for the Ballot Bowl and the New Jersey Campus Voting Challenge will also be automatic participants in the nationwide ALL IN Challenge. The Ballot Bowl competition begins September 2, 2021, and a formal Kick Off with a statewide event will take place on Constitution Day, September 17, 2021. Teams will compete through Election Day. The season closes out with a Touchdown Ceremony on November 9, 2021. “We are thrilled to start the 2021 New Jersey Ballot Bowl season with our new partner, ALL In Campus Democracy Challenge,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “Young voters have an important role to play in our elections. We are proud that New Jersey recorded the highest youth voter turnout in the nation in 2020. We look forward to seeing what our Ballot Bowl teams do this fall to bring more young voters into our democracy.” “Preparing students for their public lives as citizens, members of communities, and professionals in society has historically been a responsibility of higher education,” said Jennifer Domagal-Goldman, Executive Director of the ALL IN Campus Democracy Challenge. “We are thrilled to partner with New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way and the Department of State to encourage higher education institutions in New Jersey to make a plan to increase nonpartisan student voter engagement.” Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate