Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0807.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 7, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Secretary Way Celebrates National Black Business Month Business Action Center Within New Jersey Department of State Supports Black Entrepreneurs Trenton, NJ - August is Black Business Month, a time dedicated to celebrating and supporting Black-owned businesses and Black entrepreneurs. The New Jersey Department of State (DOS) recognizes the significance of this month and emphasizes the need for inclusivity in the state's economic successes. Through the New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), within DOS, valuable resources and assistance are offered to empower Black business owners and entrepreneurs to thrive in their industries. "I am proud to lead a Department that supports the economic vitality of our state," stated Secretary Way. "I'm grateful for the ways we can work together to ensure Black business owners and entrepreneurs are included in our state's economic successes. The NJBAC is a valuable resource within my office that can help you navigate the state rules governing your business and provide potential resources, including financial support, to succeed in whatever your industry may be." Melanie Willoughby, the Executive Director of the NJBAC, highlighted the center's mission, saying, "The NJ Business Action Center exists to help New Jersey businesses navigate state government. We are dedicated to providing a wide range of services, including assistance with state tax certification, guidance to help businesses qualify for government contracts, and support in getting certified as a minority-owned business. By obtaining these designations, businesses can access various state programs and resources, opening doors to contract set-asides, supplier diversity programs, and opportunities in specialized programs such as the New Jersey Cannabis Training Academy, an initiative aimed at guiding social equity, legacy, Impact Zone license applicants through the legal cannabis marketplace." Moreover, the Office of Export Promotion (OEP), an integral part of the NJBAC, supports New Jersey businesses seeking to expand globally. OEP’s New Jersey State Trade Expansion Program (NJSTEP) focuses on helping the underserved business community become export-ready. OEP recently hosted 12 NJSTEP food and beverage manufacturing companies at the international Fancy Food show, supporting critical access to international markets and allowing businesses to gain crucial support and guidance to excel in their export ventures. For more information on the New Jersey Business Action Center and its services, visit Business.NJ.gov or call 1-800-JERSEY-7. About the NJ Business Action Center (NJBAC) The New Jersey Business Action Center serves as the State's liaison to the business community, offering free information, services, and resources across various areas such as business registration, financial programs, regulatory compliance, property selection, workforce training, and more. NJBAC comprises multiple offices, including Small Business, Business Advocacy, Export Promotion, State Planning, and the Motion Picture and Television Commission. Access to NJBAC services is available through NJ DOS - NJ Business Action Center or Business.NJ.gov: Your first stop for doing business in NJ or by calling 1-800-JERSEY-7. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate