Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0524.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 24, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Secretary Way and Division of Elections Recognized for Excellence in Election Administration with National Clearinghouse Award One of 24 Programs Honored by the U.S. Election Assistance Commission for Innovation, Sustainability, and Replicability Trenton, NJ, May 24, 2023, – Today, Secretary Way announced that the New Jersey Division of Elections has been recognized for excellence in election administration with a national Clearinghouse Award for Outstanding Use of Help America Vote Act (HAVA) Grants in Elections Modernization. Also known as the “Clearies,” the U.S. Election Assistance Commission (EAC) presents the awards program annually to celebrate the hard work of election offices across the country. Now in its seventh year, this year’s Clearie Awards honored programs that took place during the 2022 midterms. The Division of Elections was one of 24 programs recognized with a Clearie Award this year for its use of HAVA funds to maintain a dedicated election security team to work with the New Jersey Cybersecurity Communications and Integration Cell (NJCCIC). This team was established with a focus on cybersecurity, but has since expanded to include Election Day monitoring, leading a Security Operations Center for main election incident and response, physical assessment of county election infrastructure, trainings in a multitude of areas, and awareness campaigns for county election officials and staff. “We are proud to receive a Clearie Award from the Election Assistance Commission,” said New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “Elections are a team sport and we work with partners from local election officials to federal security agencies to ensure that voters can participate in free and fair elections. This award recognizes our use of federal HAVA funds to strengthen election security partnerships across state government and position the Division of Elections to support our county election partners.” “Our election security team works tirelessly throughout the year to protect our elections and support New Jersey’s election officials,” said Assistant Secretary of State Dr. Lauren Zyriek Enriquez, who serves as Acting Director of the Division of Elections. “Our work together reflects our proactive approach to modernizing the work of democracy while continuing to ensure safe and secure elections.” “Free, fair, and secure elections are fundamental to a democratic society, and we all have a role to play in ensuring their integrity,” said Michael Geraghty, New Jersey’s Chief Information Security Officer and Director of NJCCIC. “We are proud to partner with the Division of Elections and all the local elections offices throughout New Jersey towards that end.” The Clearies play an essential role in fulfilling the EAC’s mission to serve as a clearinghouse for election administration information under the Help America Vote Act. The EAC is an independent, bipartisan federal agency solely focused on election administration. Submissions were judged on innovation, sustainability, outreach, cost-effectiveness, replicability, and the generation of positive results. This year’s awards categories include: Outstanding Use of HAVA Grants in Elections Modernization Outstanding Election Official State Association Program or Local Office Outstanding Innovation in Election Cybersecurity and Technology Improving Accessibility for Voters with Disabilities Outstanding Innovations in Elections – Large Jurisdictions Outstanding Innovations in Elections – Small/Medium Jurisdictions Best Practices in Recruiting, Retaining, and Training Poll Workers Creative and Original “I Voted” Stickers “The spotlight on U.S. elections has never been brighter, and the EAC is pleased to honor the work of these offices to make elections more secure, technologically advanced, and accessible to voters,” said EAC Chairwoman Christy McCormick, Vice Chair Ben Hovland, Commissioner Donald Palmer, and Commissioner Thomas Hicks in a joint statement. “Especially as election administrators prepare for the 2024 presidential election, we encourage them to review the great work of these Clearie Award-winning jurisdictions for ideas they may want to replicate in their communities.” More information on the Clearies and each awardee is available on eac.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate