Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2015-0722.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 22, 2015 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Lt. Governor Guadagno Announces 2015 AmeriCorps Grant Recipients New Jersey Awarded More than $4 Million in Funding to Support Communities in Need TRENTON, N.J. – Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today announced that the New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service (Commission) will receive more than $4 million in AmeriCorps funding from the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) for each year of a new three-year funding cycle. “National service is an essential part of the solution to many of the challenges facing our State,” said Lt. Governor Guadagno. “These AmeriCorps members will meet pressing local needs and strengthen communities as they develop leadership skills to last a lifetime. I congratulate the outstanding organizations that were selected as grant recipients and thank all those who serve their communities through AmeriCorps.” The Commission will distribute grants supporting more than 1,300 AmeriCorps members serving with 16 organizations. Members help meet critical needs by tutoring and mentoring children, restoring the environment, and recruiting and managing volunteers, among other efforts. “We are extremely grateful to receive this funding, as it will enable AmeriCorps members to serve in a variety of capacities in communities in need across the state of New Jersey,” said Commission Chair Anthony Campbell. An additional $224,723 in funding is being awarded to multi-state programs headquartered in New Jersey, creating up to 1,262 additional AmeriCorps positions. CNCS also will make available more than $2 million in Segal AmeriCorps Education Awards for the AmeriCorps members funded by these grants. The highly competitive 2015 grant cycle prioritized investments in economic opportunity, education, veterans and military families, and disaster services. The grant recipients include: Governor/Mayor Initiative (Camden PowerCorps) – 60 AmeriCorps members will serve the City of Camden by assisting in the maintenance of parks, storm water inlets, rain gardens, and other green infrastructure projects. AmeriCorps members will recruit community volunteers for environmental projects through the city, such as cleaning waterways and planting trees. The College of New Jersey (National Bonner AmeriCorps Program) – 1,262 AmeriCorps members will provide services in the areas of Disaster Services; Economic Opportunity; Education; Environmental Stewardship; Healthy Futures; and/or Veterans and Military Families. NJ Department of Environmental Protection Watershed Ambassadors Program – 20 AmeriCorps members will give watershed presentations, coordinate watershed activities, and perform waterbody assessments in the 20 watershed management areas in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate