Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0806.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 6, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Governor Murphy Cuts the Ribbon on the Largest Film Studio in New Jersey Cinelease Studios, Caven Point is the First Purpose-Built Studio in the State JERSEY CITY, N.J. – Governor Phil Murphy today cut the ribbon on Cinelease Studios – Caven Point, the largest film studio in New Jersey, and the first purpose-built facility of its kind in the state. “When we reinstated the film tax credit in 2018 and expanded it late last year, this is exactly the type of project we envisioned,” said Governor Murphy. “New Jersey is where filmmaking began, and we are quickly regaining the reputation as a premier location for both film and television production.” “New Jersey has long been a meaningful and oftentimes striking backdrop for filmmaking from independents to the modern streamers and blockbusters, said Gannon Murphy, General Manager of Cinelease. “As Cinelease Studios, Caven Point opens its doors to film and television, our studio clients, filmmakers, and content creators no longer see New Jersey as background. We are now the leading character.” “The New Jersey motion picture and television industry has grown exponentially in the last few years, and the arrival of Cinelease Caven Point, a state-of-the-art studio complex, creates a complete production environment here,” said Steven Gorelick, Executive Director of the New Jersey Motion Picture and TV Commission. The new studio, located in Jersey City, features 70,000 square feet of stage space, along with workshop and flex space. The ceilings are 40 feet high and there are no columns in the sound stages. Cinelease anticipates booking two to four major television and film productions a year, putting 200 to 400 film crew technicians to work and supporting ancillary businesses such as catering, lumber, waste removal, equipment rentals, janitorial, security, and others. With the reinstatement of the film and television tax credit and its subsequent expansion last year, New Jersey is quickly growing in status as a shooting location. In 2019, film and television productions in the state resulted in more than $420 million in economic activity. With a host of new movies, television series and commercials, as well as the addition of studios like Cinelease, the state is on track to surpass that number in 2021. The studio will begin leasing immediately. About Cinelease Cinelease Studios is a unique studio management team that was created as a natural extension of the industry-wide recognized Cinelease and Herc Entertainment names. Combining a shared history of serving the film and entertainment industry for 40+ years, Cinelease Studios has created a pathway to the most exclusive studio experience. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate