Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/county-electronic-poll-book-certification.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Electronic Poll Book Certification Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Electronic Poll Book Certification Page Last Updated: 01/23/25 12:30 p.m. Electronic Poll Book Certifications ES&S Date Certification 07/07/21 ES&S Electronic Poll (ePoll) System KnowInk LLC Date Certification 10/19/21 KnowInk, LLC Electronic Poll (ePoll) System comprised of the following component: iOS application version 2.5.2 (15) 07/07/21 KnowInk, LLC Electronic Poll (ePoll) System Tenex Software Solutions Inc. Date Certification 01/23/25 Tenex Software Solutions Inc. Electronic Poll (ePoll) System comprised of the following component: ePBS version 6.1.2 07/07/21 Tenex Software Solutions Inc. Electronic Poll (ePoll) System Electronic Poll Book Certification Documents Take notice that, on April 2, 2021, in compliance with P.L. 2021, c. 40, effective on March 30, 2021, the Department of State (Department) specially repealed N.J.A.C. 15:10-7, as adopted on July 31, 2019, and promulgated new rules to implement P.L. 2021, c. 40. The rules implement the use of electronic poll books by county commissioners of registration and county boards of elections to enable early voting. Pursuant to P.L. 2021, c. 40, the rules are effective upon filing by the Department with the Office of Administrative Law for a period of 18 months, or until the Department proposes to make them permanent through the formal rulemaking process pursuant to the New Jersey Administrative Procedures Act, N.J.S.A. 52:14B-1 et seq. P.L. 2021, c. 40 (Early Voting Law), signed by Governor Murphy on March 30, 2021, and effective immediately, added early voting in certain primary and general elections in this State to the existing voting statutes. Early voting is to be conducted using electronic poll books and optical-scan voting machines that read hand-marked paper ballots or other voting machines that produce a voter-verifiable paper ballot. P.L. 2019, c. 80 (2019 Act), signed and effective on May 2, 2019, permitted the use of electronic poll book systems in New Jersey. The 2019 Act allowed county commissioners of registration and county boards of elections to decide to use electronic poll book systems for an election, so long as the system has been certified by the Secretary of State (Secretary). The 2021 Early Voting Law sets the number of early voting sites per county at a minimum of between three and seven, and a maximum of between five and 10, depending on the number of registered voters within the county. The 2021 Early Voting Law allows counties to designate additional sites subject to county funding. At a minimum, the electronic book system must be able to perform all the functions performed using a paper polling record or signature copy register and be compatible with the Statewide Voter Registration System. The electronic poll book system also must meet security and audit standards delineated by the Secretary. For the purpose of building experience with electronic poll book systems, the specially adopted new rules include creation of a pilot program allowing use of electronic poll book systems that are on the certification list in Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, or Virginia. Where the Secretary has approved a commissioner of registration or board of election’s request to pilot electronic poll book systems and the specific type of electronic poll book the county plans to utilize, the commissioner of registration or board of elections must provide at least two electronic poll books per polling place, along with a backup paper polling register or signature copy register on the day of the election when required, pursuant to N.J.S.A. 19:31-37. Electronic poll book records must be retained for at least six years after the election. Document Name Updated Electronic Poll Book Certification Regulations 04/21/21 11:50 a.m. Electronic Poll Book Certification Application 01/26/24 11:30 a.m. Electronic Poll Book Ownership Disclosure 04/21/21 11:50 a.m. State of New Jersey Security Due Diligence Third Party Information Security Questionnaire 04/21/21 11:50 a.m. Voter Information Portal Register to Vote! County Election Officials Candidate Information County Information Election Archive Printable Flyers & Publications Covid-19 Election Resources Be A Poll Worker Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate