Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-3-ways-to-vote.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - 3 Ways to Vote in New Jersey Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. 3 Ways to Vote in New Jersey Here are the 3 ways you can vote in the upcoming Primary Election... 1. VOTE BY MAIL BALLOT Registered voters can apply for a vote-by-mail ballot by following the instructions found at VOTE.NJ.GOV or contacting their County Clerk. Then, VOTE and RETURN your ballot one of the following ways... Mail: Your vote-by-mail ballot MUST be postmarked on or before 8:00 p.m. on Election Day and be received by your county’s Board of Elections on or before the sixth day after the close of the polls. Secure Ballot Drop Box: Place your vote-by-mail ballot in one of your county’s secure ballot drop boxes by 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. Drop box locations can be found at VOTE.NJ.GOV . Board of Elections Office: Deliver your vote-by-mail ballot in person to your county’s Board of Elections Office by 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. County Election Officials’ contact information can be found at VOTE.NJ.GOV . 2. IN-PERSON EARLY VOTING This new option enables all registered voters to cast their ballot in person, using a voting machine, during in-person early voting period prior to Election Day . You can now choose to vote, in person, when it’s most convenient for your schedule. No matter where you live in the county, you can vote your specific ballot at any of your county’s designated in-person early voting locations. Find your county’s locations at VOTE.NJ.GOV . In-Person Early Voting for both the Primary Election and the General Election. Early voting locations will be open from at least 10 am to 8 pm on Mondays through Saturdays, and from at least 10 am to 6 pm on Sundays. No appointment is necessary. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. Primary Election – June 6, 2025 – June 8, 2025 General Election – October 25, 2025 – November 2, 2025 3. AT YOUR POLLING PLACE ON ELECTION DAY Vote in person at your polling place, from 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. Go to VOTE.NJ.GOV for your polling place, listed on the Polling Locations page. Primary Election Day – June 10, 2025 General Election Day – November 4, 2025 NOTE: Your Vote-By-Mail ballot CANNOT be returned to your In-Person Early Voting Poll Location or your Election Day Poll Location. Voting In-Person FAQs Is there an early voting period in New Jersey? Yes, there is an in-person (polling place/vote center) early voting period for both the Primary Election and the General Election. Each NJ county will hold in-person machine voting. Each county, depending on its size will designate a minimum of 3 to 10 voting locations for early in-person voting purposes. Early voting polling locations will be open from at least 10 am to 8 pm on Mondays through Saturdays, and from at least 10 am to 6 pm on Sundays. Primary Election – June 6, 2025 – June 8, 2025 General Election – October 25, 2025 – November 2, 2025 Voters will also be able to return their vote-by-mail ballots early at a secure ballot drop box, via mail, or in person to their Board of Elections office. Dropbox locations can be found here on the New Jersey Voter Information Portal. Can I vote in-person at my polling location on Election Day? Yes, you can vote in person at your polling location. To find your polling location please visit Vote.NJ.Gov. If you have received your vote-by-mail ballot but have not voted you may only vote by paper provisional ballot at your polling place. What is a provisional ballot? A provisional ballot is cast by a voter whose eligibility to vote cannot be confirmed at the polls on Election Day or if they have applied for a vote-by-mail ballot. If, after the election, it is determined that the voter who cast the provisional ballot was eligible to vote, the ballot will be counted. Will my other votes be counted if I choose not to vote for a candidate or question? Yes, if you choose to leave a race or question blank, your other votes will still be counted. Do I have to vote for the Party I am registered with? In the Primary Election you may vote for the candidate(s) of your choice representing the party in which you are registered. NJ recognizes the Democrat and Republican parties. You may only vote for the number of candidate(s) permitted for the office that you are casting a vote for. Example – Senate - Vote for One- you may only vote for one. Voting for more than one creates an “Over Vote” which disqualifies the vote cast for that office. Please remember to check the back and any additional pages of your ballot to ensure that you have reviewed all offices up for election. If you are an unaffiliated voter (a voter that has not declared a party) you may be eligible to vote in the Primary Election. You must declare a party when voting at your polling location or select one ballot, Democrat or Republican, if voting by mail. In a General Election you do not have to vote for the candidate(s) of the same party. Please remember to check the back and any additional pages of your ballot to ensure that you have reviewed all offices up for election and any ballot questions. Signature Verification/Matching FAQs Are ballots subject to signature matching? If a voter submits a ballot that lacks a signature or the signature is determined not to match the signature in the voter’s voting record, will that voter be notified? Yes, if your vote-by-mail ballot or provisional ballot was missing your signature or the county Board of Elections has determined that your signature does not match the signature in your voting record, your County Board of Elections will provide you an opportunity to certify that you did, in fact, cast that ballot. Why am I receiving a letter, call, and/or email saying that my vote by mail ballot or provisional ballot was missing a signature, or that the signature did not match, and asking for additional information? If your vote-by-mail ballot or provisional ballot was missing your signature or the county Board of Elections has determined that your signature does not match the signature in your voting record, your county Board of Elections will provide you an opportunity to certify that you did, in fact, cast that ballot. What if I believe an election crime or voter fraud has been committed? If you would like to report a potential election crime or incident of voter fraud, please call 1-877-NJ-VOTER. “Bearers” FAQs Can I deliver more than 1 vote-by-mail ballot to the Board of Elections office or place it in the ballot drop box? A person who transports a voted (completed) vote by mail ballot for someone else is considered a "Bearer". Bearers are limited to three (3) non-household ballots per election, except that an authorized bearer may transport up to five (5) ballots in an election if those voters are immediate family members residing in the same household as the bearer. Not to exceed (5) ballots in total for any election The Bearer MUST SIGN the "Bearer Portion" of the outer envelope of the ballot in the presence of the voter when taking custody of the ballot. Any Bearer Ballots that exceed the limit must be REJECTED. If the Bearer is hand-delivering the ballot to the county Board of Elections, then he/she MUST SHOW ID AND SIGN the Bearer Book. It is against the law for anyone except you, the voter, to mail or transport your ballot unless the outer envelope is sealed and the “Bearer Portion” is completed. Can I deliver my vote-by-mail ballot to my polling location? No, you cannot bring your ballot to your polling place on Election Day. However, you can bring your completed and sealed ballot in-person to your county’s Board of Elections office, or place it in a secure “ballot drop box” located throughout your county. Page Last Updated: 1/16/25 Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download Our "3 Ways to Vote" Printable/Shareable Flyer Available in Multiple Languages Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate