Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/historical/index.html

New Jersey Department of State - Historical Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu Powered by Translate The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Historical Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Revolution NJ Professional Development Opportunities Historical Markers New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Previous Next New Grant Opportunity! Now accepting applications for diversity, equity, accessibility, and inclusion training and implementation grants for nonprofits with a New Jersey history mission. Application deadline is March 14, 2025. Learn more on our Grant Opportunities page. About the Commission Grant Opportunities Awards & Prizes African American History Materials for Teachers Media Projects Publications History Resources Press Releases 02/06/25 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey is Getting Ready for 2026 200 Organizations and 100 Communities Have Joined RevolutionNJ RevolutionNJ is helping New Jersey organizations and communities prepare for the upcoming commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the United States. 01/13/25 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Announces May 2025 Nomination Cycle The New Jersey Department of State invites all New Jerseyans to join the State in celebrating Black history. 11/22/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission’s Annual Conference Examines 250 Years of New Jersey’s Democracy The New Jersey Historical Commission will explore how New Jerseyans have historically engaged in our democracy during its annual conference, Imperfectly Civil: History of Politics and Civics in New Jersey , on December 3, 2024 at the Douglass Student Center in New Brunswick, NJ. 10/30/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission RevolutionNJ Race Series Comes to Greenwich New Jersey is continuing its race to America’s 250th in 2026. 09/06/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission RevolutionNJ Race Series Comes to Princeton 5K race and one-mile family fun walk will be held at Princeton Battlefield State Park on September 8, 2024 . 08/21/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2023 Richard P. McCormick Prize The New Jersey Historical Commission, in partnership with the New Jersey Studies Academic Alliance, announces Dr. Jean Soderlund as the winner of the 2023 Richard P. McCormick Prize for her book Separate Paths: Lenapes and Colonists in West New Jersey . 08/06/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $5.2 million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2025 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has announced its Fiscal Year 2025 (FY2025) grant recipients encompassing an array of programs to support historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 07/29/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $5.2 million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2025 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has announced its Fiscal Year 2025 (FY2025) grant recipients encompassing an array of programs to support historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 07/18/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission THIRTEEN NEW JERSEY STUDENTS SELECTED AMONG FIRST-EVER ‘AMERICA’S FIELD TRIP’ AWARDEES RevolutionNJ, New Jersey’s official 250th partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution, together with America250, the nonpartisan entity charged by Congress with planning the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence, has announced that five students from New Jersey were selected as inaugural “America’s Field Trip” first-place awardees. 05/31/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission HISTORY PINNED REVOLUTIONNJ’S NEW, INTERACTIVE HISTORY HERO CHALLENGE The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has selected 32 sites to receive markers for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail. 04/26/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission First Sites Selected for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has selected 32 sites to receive markers for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail. 04/16/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission THE REVOLUTION IS GROWING! 100 ORGANIZATIONS HAVE JOINED REVOLUTIONNJ’S PROUD PARTNERS PROGRAM One hundred New Jersey businesses and organizations are officially preparing for America’s Semiquincentennial anniversary through RevolutionNJ’s Proud Partner program. 04/10/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission NJHC Webinar Shines Light on New Jersey’s Hidden Histories On Thursday, April 18th starting at 6:30pm the African American History Program at the New Jersey Historical Commission will host Justice for the Dead: Reconstructing the Hidden Histories. 01/30/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Now Accepting Site Nominations! As the next step in its development of a state-wide Black Heritage Trail, the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is now accepting site nominations that promote awareness and appreciation of Black history, heritage, and culture in New Jersey. 11/06/23 - New Jersey Historical Commission NJHC Annual Conference Helps Prepare Public for the 250th Anniversary of the Founding of the U.S. The New Jersey Historical Commission will help scholars, public historians, educators, and members of the public prepare for the upcoming Semiquincentennial during its annual conference, Unfinished Revolution: New Perspectives on the American Revolution in New Jersey, on November 17, 2023 at the War Memorial in Trenton, New Jersey. 07/26/23 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $5.2 million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2024 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Advancing the unique and diverse history within New Jersey and addressing essential institutional needs across the field, the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has approved $5.2 million in Fiscal Year 2024 (FY 24) grant funding to nearly 100 historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 05/31/23 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Launches its Statewide Black Heritage Trail and Wants Your Input! In an ongoing effort to incorporate public input into its most important public history initiatives, the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) will conduct community meetings on the launch of its statewide Black Heritage Trail. 12/19/22 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Announces Inaugural Inclusive History Grant Program Recipients Grants will fund projects exploring under-represented narratives in New Jersey history 10/31/22 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Announces its 2022 Annual Conference: Freedom Seeker, Colonizer, and Enslaved: Immigration and Migration in New Jersey The one-day, virtual event will explore the history, cultural heritage, and contemporary issues facing immigrant communities through the lens of New Jersey studies 06/15/22 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Commemorates Juneteenth 2022 Events throughout New Jersey Reveal Hidden Stories of Slavery in New Jersey and the North 04/04/22 - NJ Historical Commission REVOLUTION NJ INVITES NEW JERSEYANS TO SUBMIT BEST IDEAS FOR MARKING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. The 250th anniversary of the United States is just four years away, and New Jerseyans are invited to offer their ideas for how the state should commemorate it. 07/30/21 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves Nearly $4.9 Million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2022 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Funding to Support History Organizations, Projects, and Programs across all 21 Counties 06/30/21 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Approves $230,000 in Supplemental COVID-19 Grant Assistance to the State’s Non-Profit History Organizations Funding Addresses Essential Institutional Financial Needs to Help Navigate the Pandemic’s Impact 10/15/20 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $3.051 Million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2021 General Operating Support, Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Funding to Support History Organizations, Projects, and Programs across all 21 Counties 09/29/20 - NJ Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2020 NJ History Conference, Battles for the Ballot: New Jersey Voting Rights, Then and Now Conference to Explore Voting Rights and Suffrage Stories throughout NJ State History 03/11/20 - NJ Historical Commission Mock Election Inspired by NJ’s 19th Amendment Centennial Engages over 35,000 Students Statewide NJ Vote 100 Mock Election marks the centennial of New Jersey’s ratification of the 19th Amendment 02/11/20 - NJ Historical Commission Survey of K-12 Social Studies Education is Part of Planning for the 250th Anniversary of the American Revolution The 2020 New Jersey Social Studies Survey is now available online for all New Jersey schools, kindergarten to twelfth grade. 10/08/19 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission and Crossroads of the American Revolution Announce United States 250th Anniversary Logo Contest Now Seeking Designs to Represent Revolution NJ, New Jersey’s Initiative to Commemorate 250 Years of United States history 09/26/19 - NJ Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2019 NJ History Conference: New Jersey Women Make History Conference to Explore and Celebrate the Stories of Women throughout NJ State History 08/23/19 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey First Lady Tammy Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way to Co-Chair Statewide Efforts to Mark the Centennial of Women’s Suffrage in 2020 NJ Women Vote: The Nineteenth Amendment at 100 Partnership is Planning Events and Programs in 2020 that will Explore Women’s Suffrage in New Jersey 07/30/19 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $2.4 Million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2020 General Operating Support, Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Funding to Support History Organizations, Projects, and Programs across all 21 Counties Advancing its mission to raise awareness of the state’s unique historical legacy and chronicle its ongoing impact on the nation and world, the New Jersey Historical Commission board today approved $2.4 million in Fiscal Year 2020 (FY 20) grant funding to 72 historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, libraries, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state 02/15/19 - NJ Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission Announces Statewide Efforts to Mark the Centennial of Women’s Suffrage in 2020 NJ Women Vote: The Nineteenth Amendment at 100 Partnership will Explore Suffrage and Beyond in New Jersey 10/25/18 - Historical Commission Crossroads of the American Revolution Selected as Not-For-Profit Partner for New Jersey’s 250th Anniversary of the United States Commemoration Efforts Crossroads of the American Revolution National Heritage Area has been selected as the private sector partner to work with the New Jersey Historical Commission in planning the state’s activities marking the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States in 2026. Trending at NJHC DEAI Program Webinar: January 23rd at 10am Join us on January 23rd at 10am for a free webinar about our Diversity, Equity, Accessibility, and Inclusion (DEAI) Program. The DEAI Program offers grantees access to DEAI consultants who will provide training, an analysis of their current practices, and guidance on creating a DEAI plan. Recipients who already have a written DEAI plan will receive support to achieve their stated goals. During the webinar, attendees will learn more about the DEAI Program and have a chance to meet the DEAI consultants. Register for the zoom link at https://bit.ly/DEAIgrant . Raising Awareness of the Value of Public History Join us on April 17th at 3:00pm for "Raising Awareness of the Public Value of History." This virtual event, co-sponsored by the League of Historical Societies of New Jersey, will feature advice from leading experts on how to uplift the importance of history in public life. Panelists: Ember Farber, Federal Contractor John Dichtl, President of the American Association for State and Local History Sara Cureton, Executive Director of the New Jersey Historical Commission To register for the zoom link, visit bit.ly/pvhnj . New Jersey Historical Commission to Celebrate its 2022 Award Recipients; Honor & Remember the Life & Legacy of Richard Waldron Join the NJ Historical Commission as is remembers former Executive Director Richard Waldron and celebrates its 2022 award winners on Wednesday, March 8 from 3 to 5 p.m. (ET) at Thomas Edison State University. The event is free but registration is required. Register today: https://bit.ly/NJHC2022Awards Subscribe to H-Net New Jersey Interested in learning more about New Jersey’s planning for the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in 2026? Email skaufmann@revolutionarynj.org to sign up for the NJ Semiquincentennial mailing list. New Jersey Studies: An Interdisciplinary Journal NJHC News DEAI Program Office Hours The NJHC is hosting office hours every Wednesday through the month of February from 12:00 – 1:00pm to answer questions about the DEAI Program grants. To join, visit https://bit.ly/NJofficehours . RevolutionNJ’s New History Pinned Program RevolutionNJ invites you to explore New Jersey’s past this summer through the History Pinned program. New Jersey Historical Commission Awards Ceremony: March 5, 2024 We invite you to join us for our Awards Ceremony on March 5, 2024 honoring the recipients of the Historical Commission’s 2023 awards and prizes. In Memoriam: Maureen Ogden The members and staff of the New Jersey Historical Commission are deeply saddened at the passing of Maureen Ogden. Please read this memorial post to learn more. Inclusive History Grant Program The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is pleased to introduce a new grant program focused on supporting research and interpretative planning at public history and cultural sites in New Jersey. The form to submit a Declaration of Intent (DOI) will go live on July 18. 2022. In Memoriam: Richard Waldron The members and staff of the New Jersey Historical Commission are deeply saddened at the passing of Richard Waldron. Please read this memorial post to learn more. COVID-19 Impact Survey IV Please take our fourth COVID-19 Impact Survey! The survey seeks to gather data about the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on NJ’s history field as we collectively transition into a world of working with the virus. Your participation will help inform future avenues for support and development. Survey takers will receive a 15% discount on registration for the 2022 New Jersey History Conference (offer available for individual tickets only). New Jersey Social Studies Survey Results The NJHC is thrilled to release the results of a survey on New Jersey social studies education in K-12 schools. View the results and learn more by visiting www.njsocialstudies.org. What is Labor Day to Me? Reflections on My Trip to the American Labor Museum Join NJHC Program Coordinator Mar Lorenc for a reflection on Labor Day 2021 inspired by a recent visit to the America Labor Museum in Haledon, NJ. COVID-19 Resources for Museums and Cultural Organizations We have compiled a list of resources for museums and cultural organizations grappling with the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak to be updated periodically. Tweets by OfficialNJHC Tweets by SecretaryWay Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate