Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0715.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 15, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State What’s Filming In New Jersey: ‘As Sick As They Made Us’ Principal photography in Bergen, Essex and Passaic Counties NEWARK, N.J. – North Jersey locations were used for the upcoming dramatic feature As Sick as They Made Us , the story of a divorced mom trying to make peace with her dysfunctional family as she gets a second chance at love. Now she must attempt to convince her stubborn and comically unfortunate family members to hold it together while they embrace one final farewell. Produced by Anne Clements and Ash Christian, As Sick as They Made Us marks the screenwriting and directorial debut of actress Mayim Bialik (The Big Bang Theory). Bialik brought an all-star cast to New Jersey, including her Big Bang co-star Simon Helberg, Dianna Agron ( Glee ), Candice Bergen, Dustin Hoffman, and Charlie Weber. The movie was filmed on locations in Belleville, Clifton, Elmwood Park, Lyndhurst, and Rutherford. “Film production continues to flourish in our state,” said Governor Phil Murphy. “The Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program, breathtaking diversity of film locations and deep talent pool combine to make New Jersey a premier destination for prestigious feature films such as this.” Motion picture and television production in New Jersey has increased dramatically since the Garden State Film and Digital Media Jobs Act took effect in 2018. In 2019, film and television production generated more than $420 million for the state economy and created thousands of jobs. Other major motion pictures filmed here recently include David Chase’s highly anticipated Sopranos prequel The Many Saints of Newark , Halle Berry’s sports drama Bruised , and Steven Spielberg’s upcoming remake of West Side Story , all scheduled to be released later this year. “ As Sick as They Made Us is one of many major productions now filming in New Jersey,” according to Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “We are delighted that Mayim Bialik chose the Garden State to make her feature film directorial debut.” New Jersey’s Film Tax Credit Program offers eligible production companies a 30-35% transferable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, plus an additional 2% diversity bonus for qualified productions. It has attracted dozens of motion pictures and television series to the state since it became available in July of 2018. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate