Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-faq.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Frequently Asked Questions Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Frequently Asked Questions About the 2025 Elections Voting Options How can I vote in the next 2025 Election? You may: Apply for a vote-by-mail ballot and return it one of the following ways: Mail: Vote-by-mail ballots sent through the mail must be postmarked by Election Day, and received by the county Board of Elections on or before the sixth day after the close of the polls. Primary Election – June 10, 2025 General Election – November 4, 2025 Secure Ballot Drop Box: Secure Ballot Drop Box: Place it in one of your county’s secure ballot drop boxes by 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. Drop box locations can be found at Vote.NJ.Gov. Board of Elections Office: Deliver it in person to your county’s Board of Elections Office by 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. County Election Officials’ contact information can be found at Vote.NJ.Gov. In-Person Early Voting for both the Primary Election and the General Election. Each NJ county will hold in-person machine voting. Each county, depending on its size, will designate a minimum of 3 to 10 voting locations for early in-person voting purposes. Early voting locations will be open from at least 10 am to 8 pm on Mondays through Saturdays, and from at least 10 am to 6 pm on Sundays. Go to Vote.NJ.Gov for your early voting sites. Primary Election – June 6, 2025 – June 8, 2025 General Election – October 25, 2025 – November 2, 2025 In-Person Voting on Election Day , at your polling place, from 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. Go to Vote.NJ.Gov for your polling place, listed on the Polling Locations page. Primary Election – June 10, 2025 General Election – November 4, 2025 NOTE: Vote-by-mail ballots CANNOT be returned to your polling place for this election. Voting In-Person FAQs Is there an early voting period in New Jersey? Yes, there is an in-person (polling place/vote center) early voting period for both the Primary Election and the General Election. Each NJ county will hold in-person machine voting. Each county, depending on its size will designate a minimum of 3 to 10 voting locations for early in-person voting purposes. Early voting polling locations will be open from at least 10 am to 8 pm on Mondays through Saturdays, and from at least 10 am to 6 pm on Sundays. Primary Election – June 6, 2025 – June 8, 2025 General Election – October 25, 2025 – November 2, 2025 Voters will also be able to return their vote-by-mail ballots early at a secure ballot drop box, via mail, or in person to their Board of Elections office. Dropbox locations can be found here on the New Jersey Voter Information Portal. Can I vote in-person at my polling location on Election Day? Yes, you can vote in person at your polling location. To find your polling location please visit Vote.NJ.Gov. If you have received your vote-by-mail ballot but have not voted you may only vote by paper provisional ballot at your polling place. What is a provisional ballot? A provisional ballot is cast by a voter whose eligibility to vote cannot be confirmed at the polls on Election Day or if they have applied for a vote-by-mail ballot. If, after the election, it is determined that the voter who cast the provisional ballot was eligible to vote, the ballot will be counted. Will my other votes be counted if I choose not to vote for a candidate or question? Yes, if you choose to leave a race or question blank, your other votes will still be counted. Do I have to vote for the Party I am registered with? In the Primary Election you may vote for the candidate(s) of your choice representing the party in which you are registered. NJ recognizes the Democrat and Republican parties. You may only vote for the number of candidate(s) permitted for the office that you are casting a vote for. Example – Senate - Vote for One- you may only vote for one. Voting for more than one creates an “Over Vote” which disqualifies the vote cast for that office. Please remember to check the back and any additional pages of your ballot to ensure that you have reviewed all offices up for election. If you are an unaffiliated voter (a voter that has not declared a party) you may be eligible to vote in the Primary Election. You must declare a party when voting at your polling location or select one ballot, Democrat or Republican, if voting by mail. In a General Election you do not have to vote for the candidate(s) of the same party. Please remember to check the back and any additional pages of your ballot to ensure that you have reviewed all offices up for election and any ballot questions. Voter Registration FAQs What is the Voter Registration Deadline? The Voter Registration Deadline is 21 days before the election. Primary Election – May 20, 2025 General Election – October 14, 2025 How can I register to vote? Voters can register to vote online or by filling out a paper registration form . How can I check my voter registration status? Voters can check their voter registration status on the "Am I Registered?" page on the New Jersey Voter Information Portal. What is considered an “Inactive” voter? An Inactive voter is a voter whose address has come into question. The main way the counties receive this information is via the sample ballots that are sent prior to each election. If a sample ballot is returned as undeliverable or indicates the voter has moved out of county/state, that voter is put into an “Inactive” status and is sent a confirmation notice informing them that they have until the second federal general election after the date of the notice to update their voting record or appear to vote and complete the necessary form or they will be removed from the voting rolls. Inactive voters do not get sample ballots and are not eligible to receive a vote by mail ballot until they are put back into an Active status. To update your record to active status through the online voter registration or using a paper registration form . Poll Worker FAQs How can I be a poll worker on Election Day? Submit an application to be a poll worker. Citizens, including college and high school students, are encouraged to apply. Training is required and will be provided. This is a great opportunity to earn additional money and participate in our democracy. Vote-By-Mail FAQs How do I receive my Mail-in Ballot? Every Active registered voter is eligible to request a Mail-in Ballot. Please contact your county clerk to submit a request. If you would like to receive your ballot by mail you must request your ballot not less than 7 days before an election. Primary Election – June 3, 2025 General Election – October 28, 2025 Otherwise, you must get your Mail-in Ballot in-person from your county clerk, by 3 p.m. the day before Election Day. Primary Election – June 9, 2025 General Election – November 3, 2025 You have until 8 p.m. on Election Day to return your ballot to the Board of Elections in person or deposit it in one of your county’s secure authorized ballot drop boxes. You can also mail your ballot, it must be postmarked on or before 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. You can find your Board of Elections contact information here . What if I always vote-by-mail, but now want to vote early, in-person, instead? Check whether or not you are an active vote-by-mail voter at Vote.NJ.Gov, under “Track My Ballot.” If you are registered to vote by mail in an election, you must opt out, in order to cast a ballot in person on a machine at an early voting location. To opt out, contact your County Clerk. When will ballots be mailed? Counties will begin mailing ballots to voters 45 days before an election, but some counties will begin before then. Primary Election – April 19, 2025 General Election – September 20, 2025 How do I know if my Mail-in Ballot has been received? You can check on the status of your Mail-in Ballot using the Track My Ballot Portal online or you can contact your County Clerk. You can find your County Clerk contact information here . First time users have to create an account and will need either a Voter ID, a Driver’s License Number, or the last 4 digits of their SSN Number to validate voter registration status. (If you don’t know your Voter ID number, you can obtain it by going to " Voter Search " or contact your Superintendent of Elections or Commissioner of Registration ) Can I track my Mail-in Ballot? Yes, voters can track their Mail-in Ballot through the Track My Ballot Portal . First time users have to create an account and will need either a Voter ID Number, a Driver’s License Number, or the last 4 digits of SSN to validate voter registration status. (If you don’t know your Voter ID number, you can obtain it by going to " Voter Search " or contact your Superintendent of Elections or Commissioner of Registration ) If I am voting by mail, when must the county Board of Elections receive my ballot? Mail-in Ballots sent through the mail must be postmarked by Election Day, and received by the county Board of Elections on or before the sixth day after the close of the polls. Primary Election – June 16, 2025 General Election – November 10, 2025 Mail-in Ballots that are placed in the county’s secure ballot drop box or delivered in-person to the County Board of Elections must be delivered by 8 pm on Election Day. How can I return my ballot? Either return your ballot by mail, bring your completed and sealed ballot in-person to your county’s Board of Elections office, or place it in a secure “ballot drop box” located throughout your county. What is the deadline by which election officials must receive a mailed ballot? Every Mail-in Ballot that is postmarked on or before Election Day, and that is received on or before the sixth day after the close of the polls shall be considered valid and shall be canvassed, assuming the ballot meets all other statutory requirements. Primary Election – June 16, 2025 General Election – November 10, 2025 Additionally, every Mail-in Ballot that does not bear a postmark date but is received by the county board of elections by delivery of the United States Postal Service before or within forty-eight (48) hours (2 days) of the closing of polls, shall be considered valid and shall be canvassed, assuming the ballot meets all other statutory requirements. How do I stop receiving a Mail-in Ballot for future elections? It depends on your county. Please call your county clerk to inquire about their procedure. You can find your County Clerk contact information here . Do I have to include a stamp on my ballot return envelope? It depends on your county. Please call your County Clerk. You can find your County Clerk contact information here . Do Mail-in Ballots require a witness or notary? No, Mail-in Ballots do not require a witness or notary. They do require the voter’s signature. Do voters casting a Mail-in Ballot need to include a copy of their ID? Voters do not need to provide a copy of their ID in order to cast a Mail-in Ballot except under certain circumstances for first time voters. These voters will receive a notice with their Mail-in Ballot. What should I do if I make a mistake, damage, or lose my Mail-in Ballot? If you have not already returned your ballot, you may request a replacement Mail-in Ballot from your County Clerk . If you go to your polling location on Election Day, you will have to vote using a paper provisional ballot. What is the difference between absentee and Vote-By-Mail ballot in New Jersey? The term “absentee ballot” was changed in July 2009 and was replaced by the Vote-By-Mail ballot law that allowed a voter to request a ballot by mail for any reason. Will my Mail-in Ballot be counted? I heard that Mail-in Ballots might not be counted. Every valid Mail-in Ballot is counted. Be sure to complete and sign the certificate attached to the inner envelope when you return your Mail-in Ballot. Be sure to leave the certificate attached to the inner envelope. Do not put it inside the inner envelope. If you are going to mail your ballot, it must be postmarked ON or BEFORE Election Day and received by your county Board of Elections by 8 pm on the sixth day after the close of the polls. If you are not sure if your ballot will arrive in time, you can drop it off in person at the county Board of Elections or one of the county’s secure authorized ballot drop boxes. Contact your Board of Elections for drop-off locations. If you are dropping your ballot off in-person, you must do so by 8 pm on Election Day. Secure Ballot Drop Box FAQs What is a “Ballot Drop Box” A ballot drop box is a secure, locked structure operated by election officials where voters may deliver their ballots from the time they receive them in the mail up to the time polls close at 8 pm on Election Day. There will be at least 10 drop boxes located throughout each county, which will be available 24 hours a day. Drop boxes will be under surveillance by security cameras and collected daily by county election officials. Where can I find the locations of the ballot drop boxes? You can find that information on the New Jersey Voter Information Portal . “Bearers” FAQs Can I deliver more than 1 vote-by-mail ballot to the Board of Elections office or place it in the ballot drop box? A person who transports a voted (completed) vote by mail ballot for someone else is considered a "Bearer". Bearers are limited to three (3) non-household ballots per election, except that an authorized bearer may transport up to five (5) ballots in an election if those voters are immediate family members residing in the same household as the bearer. Not to exceed (5) ballots in total for any election The Bearer MUST SIGN the "Bearer Portion" of the outer envelope of the ballot in the presence of the voter when taking custody of the ballot. Any Bearer Ballots that exceed the limit must be REJECTED. If the Bearer is hand-delivering the ballot to the county Board of Elections, then he/she MUST SHOW ID AND SIGN the Bearer Book. It is against the law for anyone except you, the voter, to mail or transport your ballot unless the outer envelope is sealed and the “Bearer Portion” is completed. Can I deliver my vote-by-mail ballot to my polling location? No, you cannot bring your ballot to your polling place on Election Day. However, you can bring your completed and sealed ballot in-person to your county’s Board of Elections office, or place it in a secure “ballot drop box” located throughout your county. Signature Verification/Matching FAQs Are ballots subject to signature matching? If a voter submits a ballot that lacks a signature or the signature is determined not to match the signature in the voter’s voting record, will that voter be notified? Yes, if your vote-by-mail ballot or provisional ballot was missing your signature or the county Board of Elections has determined that your signature does not match the signature in your voting record, your County Board of Elections will provide you an opportunity to certify that you did, in fact, cast that ballot. Why am I receiving a letter, call, and/or email saying that my vote by mail ballot or provisional ballot was missing a signature, or that the signature did not match, and asking for additional information? If your vote-by-mail ballot or provisional ballot was missing your signature or the county Board of Elections has determined that your signature does not match the signature in your voting record, your county Board of Elections will provide you an opportunity to certify that you did, in fact, cast that ballot. What if I believe an election crime or voter fraud has been committed? If you would like to report a potential election crime or incident of voter fraud, please call 1-877-NJ-VOTER. Page Last Updated: 1/16/25 Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate