Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2012-0212.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 12, 2012 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State State Arts Council Awards Artist Grants, Holds 15th Annual Artists' Roundtable and Swears in New Member TRENTON, NJ – At a public meeting held today at the Visual Arts Center of New Jersey in Summit, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts announced the award of 2012 Individual Artist Fellowship grants totaling $182,600 to 22 New Jersey artists selected from more than 300 applicants in the categories of crafts, sculpture, photography, playwriting and poetry. These highly competitive grants are based on independent review of work samples submitted and the anonymous process is focused solely on artistic quality. The grants help artists to produce new work and advance their careers and their impact on society. List of recipients . During the meeting devoted to the value of artists to New Jersey communities, Arts Council Chair Ofelia Garcia gave an overview of the Council's array of programs and services for artists and congratulated and thanked New Jersey artists for their achievements. "Research has shown that in addition to helping us stay in touch with our humanity, creativity and imagination, the arts are a proven tool for community development and can be the powerful engine that drives the kind of sustainable economic growth New Jersey communities need." She went on to note, "Artists are at the heart of this important work and it is the Council's goal to encourage them, assist them to achieve their highest ambitions and help a wider public understand all that artists do to make New Jersey a better place." The Arts Council's new executive director, Nicholas Paleologos addressed the Council and the audience, and echoed Ms. Garcia's appreciation for New Jersey's extraordinary artists and arts industry. In his first public presentation Mr. Paleologos took the opportunity to praise the Council and the Administration for their strong support for the arts as both “food for the soul and fuel for the economy.” He called New Jersey the “gold standard”, referring to the Council's standing as a model among state arts agencies nationwide. In other business, the Council welcomed new member Philip Colicchio, who was officially sworn in by Deputy Attorney General Alan Stephens. “I am honored to work with this dedicated Council in service to the people of New Jersey,” said Mr. Colicchio. “I look forward to applying my skills and experience in the culinary, hospitality and music industries to help extend the Council's reach through additional strategic cross-sector partnerships.” Mr. Colicchio has worked in the hospitality industry since 1998 as both an attorney and a consultant. He is founding member of the Princeton based Taylor, Colicchio & Silverman, LLP, law firm, where his practice includes the representation of award-winning chefs, well-known restaurateurs, investors, international hoteliers and mixed use developers. Following the business meeting the Arts Council convened more than 150 New Jersey artists for the 15th annual Artists' Roundtable. The free event featured workshops on topics of interest to artists working in all disciplines including marketing and publicity strategies, professional opportunities, and creative solutions for finding work, exhibition and performance space statewide, and concluded with a networking session. For more information about the Council, upcoming events or to join the mailing list, please visit www.artscouncil.nj.gov . The New Jersey State Council on the Arts is a division of the NJ Department of State. It receives funding in direct appropriations from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee and grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. Since 1966, its volunteer members and professional staff have worked to improve the quality of life in New Jersey by helping the arts to flourish. For more information about the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, please visit www.artscouncil.nj.gov . Further information regarding the arts in New Jersey is found on an interactive website, www.jerseyarts.com , and available on a toll-free hotline 1-800-THE ARTS Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate