Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njic-rutgers-2021-0209.shtml

NJ Department of State - New Jersey-Israel Commission - Press Release - Choose New Jersey Announces Food Innovation Collaboration between Israeli Food Manufacturer Tnuva and The Food Innovation Center at Rutgers University Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey-Israel Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Secretary of State Choose New Jersey Announces Food Innovation Collaboration between Israeli Food Manufacturer Tnuva and The Food Innovation Center at Rutgers University Choose New Jersey highlights continued success of its February 2020 Economic Mission Trip to Israel as one-year anniversary approaches FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE February 9, 2021 CONTACT: Carly Wronko, 609-297-2189, cwronko@choosenj.com (Newark, New Jersey) - Choose New Jersey , New Jersey’s leading economic development organization, is pleased to announce, in partnership with the New Jersey-Israel Commission, a collaboration between Tnuva , one of the world’s largest food manufacturers and a global supplier of kosher products, and the Food Innovation Center at Rutgers University. The food innovation collaboration underscores the success of Choose New Jersey’s economic mission trip to Israel in February 2020 nearly one year later. “When Choose New Jersey embarked on an economic mission trip to Israel nearly one year ago, our goal was to strengthen economic and cultural ties with one of our long-time allies,” said Jose Lozano, President & CEO, Choose New Jersey . “We are excited to continue to see results from our trip to Israel with the announcement of a collaboration between Tnuva and the Food Innovation Center at Rutgers University. This partnership is just another example of how New Jersey is the best place to do business and showcases how we are seeing global interest in our state’s thriving innovation ecosystem.” Tnuva already has a New Jersey footprint with their U.S. headquarters located in Lincoln Park. In February 2020, Choose New Jersey visited the Tnuva headquarters in Israel during a four-day economic mission trip to Jerusalem and Tel Aviv . The Choose New Jersey delegation met with key industry leaders and community stakeholders to promote New Jersey’s innovation ecosystem, demonstrating how New Jersey is a great place for the international community to do business. “Tnuva is known as a pioneer in research and development and world leader in kosher food manufacturing,” said Yoram Behiri, President & CEO, Tnuva USA . “We are excited for this innovative partnership between the Food Innovation Center at Rutgers University and Tnuva, and we look forward to seeing the results this collaboration will produce.” The Food Innovation Center at Rutgers University is a unique food business incubator and accelerator that supports established entrepreneurs and food companies recognize their goals from concept to commercialization. As part of the Rutgers New Jersey Agricultural Experiment Station , the Food Innovation Center combines its experience and advanced technology to provide businesses with the tools that they need to help run successful businesses as well as promote growth. “The Food Innovation Center at Rutgers University is dedicated to helping give entrepreneurs and existing food companies the tools and resources they need to succeed,” said Nolan Lewis, Acting Director, the Food Innovation Center at Rutgers University . “Tnuva already enjoys a New Jersey presence, and we look forward to helping them continue to grow and thrive through this food innovation collaboration.” Home to the fourth largest Israel-born population and the fourth largest population of Israeli ancestry in the United States, New Jersey has longstanding ties to Israel. The State of New Jersey demonstrated its commitment to Israel with the formation of the New Jersey-Israel Commission in 1989. The Commission works to promote cultural and educational exchanges and to encourage capital investment and joint business ventures. Choose New Jersey worked in close partnership with the New Jersey-Israel Commission to plan the mission to Israel. “In a year filled with such uncertainty, it is encouraging to see that our February 2020 economic mission trip continues to produce real results for the State of New Jersey,” said Mark Levenson, Chairman, New Jersey—Israel Commission and Choose New Jersey Partner . “As we look toward rebuilding and recovering in the months ahead, I look forward to seeing how this collaboration will benefit the New Jersey economy moving forward.” “I am so proud that one of Israel’s most iconic and historic brands, Tnuva, continues to proudly call New Jersey their home in the United States,” said Andrew Gross, Executive Director, New Jersey – Israel Commission, New Jersey Department of State . “This strategic decision to locate to the Garden State many years ago is paying off again today and reminds us that New Jersey’s relationship with Israel is driving opportunity and innovation on both sides of the Atlantic. I welcome this important partnership.” About Choose New Jersey Choose New Jersey is a privately funded 501 (c)(3) economic development organization with a mission to stimulate job creation and attract capital investment to New Jersey. Choose New Jersey markets New Jersey both domestically and internationally as the best place to grow a business in the United States. Knowledgeable, experienced staff, supported by a network of State agencies and private partners, provide free, confidential assistance to guide companies in establishing operations in New Jersey. By harnessing the power of business, labor, academic and government leaders, Choose New Jersey enables growth across all sectors of the State’s economy, aspiring to build a stronger and more prosperous New Jersey for all. To learn more, visit www.choosenj.com . Commission Home About the Commission Statutes & Rules NJ-Israel Relations NJ-Israel Business Grant Opportunities Business Contact Form Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate