Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2012-0920.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 20, 2012 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Highlighting The Arts As An Engine for Economic Growth, Acting Governor Kim Guadagno Visits Mayo Performing Arts Center In Morristown MPAC Bolsters Tourism, Supports Jobs And Generates Revenue For Historic Downtown And Beyond TRENTON, NJ – Demonstrating the significance of the arts to economic growth, community development and job creation, Acting Governor Kim Guadagno visited the Mayo Performing Arts Center (MPAC) in Morristown today as the third stop on her “Arts Mean Business” tour across the state. Regarded as one of New Jersey’s leading performing arts venues, MPAC annually draws hundreds of thousands of visitors to top-notch performances and programs, boosting the local economy and enhancing the Morristown community. “The Mayo has become a focal point for the whole area. Its expansion has brought full-time, part-time, and construction jobs that have brought an economic boost to Morristown and the state,” said Acting Governor Guadagno. “Preserving this historic theater not only highlights New Jersey history, but establishes a sustainable engine of economic growth that can help keep this community and the region thriving.” The Mayo Performing Arts Center, formerly known as the Community Theatre, was built in 1937 and was once the crown jewel of Walter Reade’s chain of movie theatres in New Jersey. After undergoing thorough renovations, the Theatre reopened in 1994 as a performing arts center. Now in its 17th season, MPAC houses a state of the art facility and hosts more than 200 performances annually, attracting more than 200,000 patrons and reaching more than 35,000 students through its running education program. “For decades, this theater has been a hub of activity for this community,” said Michael Fabrizio, executive director of Morristown Partnership, the organization responsible for furthering the interests of Morristown’s central business district. “The impressive renovations of the past decade have transformed the performing arts center, positioning it as a major destination for tourists and residents, and contributing tremendously to the vitality of our downtown.” “My business increases on MPAC show nights by easily 50%,” said Brick Oven Trattoria owner Eddie Matos. State funds through the New Jersey State Council on the Arts support MPAC’s critically-acclaimed performances, programs and services. This year the Mayo has again been designated a “Major Presenting Institution” by the State Arts Council in recognition of its long history of artistic excellence, substantial programming and broad public benefit. The New Jersey Partnership for Action (PFA) supports the vital role business plays in advancing the state's economy and creating jobs. Led by Lt. Governor Guadagno, the PFA is a three-pronged public-private approach to economic development and the starting point for all initiatives, policies, and efforts to grow New Jersey's economy and create quality, sustainable jobs in our communities. The three elements of the PFA include the Business Action Center, reporting directly to the Lt. Governor and providing the business community with a single point of contact, applying a proactive, customer-service approach to businesses' interactions with State government; the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, serving as the state's "bank for business"; and Choose New Jersey, an independently funded and operated 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation created to encourage and nurture economic growth throughout New Jersey. Businesses considering a move or in need of assistance are encouraged to call New Jersey's Business Action Center at (866) 534-7789 or visit the State's Business Portal at www.newjerseybusiness.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate