Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0729a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 29, 2020, NJ Historical Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Women Vote Continues Centennial Commemoration with a Redesigned Suffrage Solo Slow Roll NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 Amends Suffrage Slow Roll to Prioritize Public Health Concerns Trenton, NJ – In an effort to prioritize the safety and wellbeing of New Jersey’s communities amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 is reconfiguring the Bicycle Suffrage Slow Roll, a bicycle ride originally scheduled for May 16, 2020 at Historic Smithville Park in Burlington County, NJ. In collaboration with the New Jersey Historical Commission, New Jersey Historic Trust, and the Alice Paul Institute, the initiative is pleased to announce the Suffrage Solo Slow Roll – a statewide campaign this August 2020 encouraging New Jersey residents to get outside on their own or in small family groups and commemorate women’s history while adhering to social distancing and safety guidelines. For more information and to register visit, https://www.eventbrite.com/e/suffrage-slow-roll-tickets-99402946890 . NJ Women Vote is New Jersey’s suffrage centennial initiative, marking 100 years since the passage of the 19th Amendment, which granted American women the constitutional right to vote. The Suffrage Solo Slow Roll, a key program for the centennial, invites New Jerseyans to explore the New Jersey Women’s Heritage Trail through an interactive scavenger hunt. The Women’s Heritage Trail is a guide of historic places throughout the state that collectively tell the stories of New Jersey women, past and present. A project of the NJ State Historic Preservation Office, Preservation NJ, and the Alice Paul Centennial Foundation, work on the Trail started in 2000 and, at the time, represented the first comprehensive state-wide survey of women’s history sites in the country. Kicking off August 1, 2020, participants are encouraged to bike – or, if preferred, walk or drive – on their own or in small family groups, to various sites on the heritage trail, submitting a selfie and caption at each site along the way. Those who visit the most sites will enter to win special prizes. Younger participants will also have the opportunity to submit and share artwork inspired by NJ women’s history to be considered for a prize. The official campaign period will close on August 31, 2020. “We are delighted to continue our 2020 centennial activities in a way that keeps residents safe while also immersing them in the state’s rich history,” said NJ Historical Commission Executive Director Sara Cureton. “The Suffrage Solo Slow Roll allows New Jerseyans to explore some of our great historic sites and learn more about the contributions that groundbreaking women have made to our state.” Cycling played an important role in the suffrage movement and women’s history. For many women in the early 19th century, the bicycle represented a newfound sense of liberty and independence. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, a leader of the suffrage movement and NJ resident, once stated that the bicycle had the power to give women “more courage, self-respect, and self-reliance.” In launching the Solo Slow Roll, NJ Women Vote seeks to pay homage to the opportunities and liberation cycling afforded a generation of women. For those who decide to participate in the Solo Slow Roll via bicycle, please be advised that it is New Jersey law that cyclers must wear helmets. NJ Women Vote also encourages all participants to following Center for Disease Control guidelines pertaining to face covering when visiting sites. The first 100 registrants will receive a free NJ Women Vote t-shirt. A “Plan Your Ride” guide of sites along the Women’s Heritage Trail will be shared with all who register. Once again, for more information and to register for the Suffrage Solo Slow Roll, please visit https://www.eventbrite.com/e/suffrage-slow-roll-tickets-99402946890 . About NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 is multi-faceted initiative featuring a year-long series of events, programs, and projects in 2020 set to mark the centennial of the passage of the 19th Amendment in New Jersey. The New Jersey Historical Commission , in collaboration with the non-profit Alice Paul Institute , has gathered over seventy partners, representing a range of historical and cultural organizations, women’s groups, government agencies, libraries, and higher education institutions to help plan this pivotal year. To learn more about NJ Women Vote , please visit our website and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram @NJWomenVote100. You can also join our email list by contacting NJWV Communications Assistant Erica Meline at njwomenvote100@gmail.com . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate