Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/archives/doctreasures.html

New Jersey Department of State Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Secretary of State Grant Information Pay-to-Play Ordinances Will Registry Certified Civil Celebrants Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Press Releases Proposed Rules Public Notices Reports e-Notification Lists Business Information NJ Business Portal Non-Profit Portal Business Action Center NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Office of Business Advocacy Office for Planning Advocacy Red-Tape Commission NJ-Israel Commission Divisions/Agencies Business Action Center NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Office of Business Advocacy Office for Planning Advocacy Red-Tape Commission NJ-Israel Commission Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism NJ Commission on National & Community Service NJ Cultural Heritage Commissions NJ Commission on American Indian Affairs NJ-Israel Commission NJ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional NJ Cultural Heritage Commissions NJ Cultural Trust NJ Division of Elections NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Historical Commission NJ Office of Faith Based Initiatives NJ State Archives NJ State Council on the Arts NJ State Museum Patriots Theater at the War Memorial In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Travel & Tourism New Jersey State Archives Planning Your Visit Search the Collections Repro Services Collection Management Documentary Treasures Special Projects and Commemorations State Historical Records Advisory Board New Jersey State Archives 225 West State Street-Level 2 P.O. Box 307 Trenton, NJ 08625-0307 Contact Information Email: Feedback@sos.state.nj.us DOS Home > New Jersey State Archives >Documentary Treasures Documentary Treasures The links below celebrate our state and colonial charters, and other monumental documents from New Jersey's rich history. New Jersey State Constitutions Here you will find images and transcriptions of all 3 New Jersey's State Constitutions. The first was signed July 2, 1776, after only five days of composition; the second, in 1844, shifted power to the executive branch; and the third, in 1947, was completed after a 3 month convention and reorganized New Jersey's judicial system. read more Appointments and Oaths New Jersey State Archives has just posted a rich collection of images of governors' oaths of office from 1790 to the present. Many of the oaths are, in fact, illuminated parchments. They are not only historical treasures, but are also a pleasure to look at. read more Documents relating to the United States Constitution These documents relate to New Jersey’s original federal charters and amendment ratifications. This section includes 170 web pages of images and transcriptions of New Jersey’s manuscript Ratification Convention Minutes, Engrossed Ratification, Bill of Rights, and the various actions of the State Legislature relative to the 27 constitutional amendments. read more Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | AccessibilityStatement Department: Office of the Lt. Governor | Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2011 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate