Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/volunteer-grant-opportunities.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service Grant Opportunities Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Grant Opportunities Back To It: AmeriCorps Members Get Things Done Current Grants No Grants at this time. Closed NOFOs AmeriCorps NJ: FY25.26 COMPETITIVE NOTICE OF FUNDING OPPORTUNITY The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, in partnership with AmeriCorps State and National (ASN), seeks single-state applicants within New Jersey to apply for this AmeriCorps Competitive Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO). Single-state applicants apply through their respective state commissions. National organizations operating in more than one state would apply directly to AmeriCorps State and National . The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, New Jersey Department of State, seeks to fund local initiatives and utilize the AmeriCorps model to increase civic engagement and improve New Jersey’s communities by deploying AmeriCorps members to provide services in the six focus areas: AmeriCorps Focus Areas Disaster Services Economic Opportunity Education Environmental Stewardship Healthy Futures Veterans and Military Families. We will target our investments toward communities where the need is greatest, particularly those with populations that face racial inequality and poverty. These steps will enable more Americans than ever to strengthen the communities that need it most across the nation through their service. Eligible agencies include: Public or private non-profit organizations, including community organizations and faith-based organizations; Local Education Agencies (LEAs) including charter schools; institutions of higher education; Government entities within the state (e.g., cities/municipalities, counties, state departments); Labor organizations; Partnerships or consortia consisting of the aforementioned. ACNJ 25.26 COMPETITIVE NOFO APPLICATION TIMELINE Date Activity September 23 Dissemination of NOFO flyer announcing the 2025/26 Competitive AmeriCorps Grants competition. NOFO goes live on the NJ DOS website: https://www.state.nj.us/state/volunteer-grant-opportunities.shtml October 10 General Technical Assistance Session via ZOOM. Live at 10:00 am. Register to attend the live session. Session will be recorded and available at the NJ Department of State AmeriCorps grants website within 24 hours. Mandatory for Competitive applicants. November 13 Notice of Intent to Apply due to Commission. Form available November 26 Competitive applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm EST. December 2 Staff and Independent Readers review of applications and budgets are begun. December 18 Competitive Applications Reader Arena 11A via ZOOM. Arena scores and final rankings. December 20 Notification of Competitive Applicants selected for submission to national competition. Staff and reader revisions requested for applications recommended for national competition. January 7 Final revisions from applicants due back in eGrants. January 9 Final staff review on revisions. January 10 NJ Commission board vote on selected applicants. January 17 NJ Commission target date for submission of Competitive packages to AmeriCorps. (ASN due date is January 23) Mid-April 2025 Successful Competitive applicants to be notified by AmeriCorps National. Mid-July 2025 Successful Competitive applicants to be issued awards. DOWNLOADS: ACNJ Competitive NOFO Flyer Final 25.26 ACNJ Competitive Timeline PDF 25.26 ACNJ Competitive NOFO ACNJ RESOURCES: AmeriCorps 101 (What is AmeriCorps/AmeriCorps NJ?) PowerPoint FY25.26 Competitive NOFO Tech Assist Session FINAL PowerPoint Sample Budget Competitive 25.26 Instructions for Creating a 2025 Competitive Application in eGrants AMERICORPS STATE AND NATIONAL RESOURCES: 2025 AmeriCorps State and National Funding Priorities Application Deadline State Commission Competition Contacts and Deadlines Funding Announcement, Mandatory Supplemental Information, Application Instructions Performance Measure Instructions Evaluation Plan Template Manage Your Grant Resolution Technical Assistance Information Technical Assistance Webinars RECORDINGS: ACNJ 25.26 Competitive NOFO Tech Assist Session Recorded 10.10.24 AmeriCorps NJ: FY24.25 FORMULA NOTICE OF FUNDING OPPORTUNITY The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, in partnership with AmeriCorps State and National, seeks single-state applicants within New Jersey to apply for this AmeriCorps Competitive Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO). Single-state applicants apply through their respective state commissions. The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, New Jersey Department of State, seeks to fund local initiatives and utilize the AmeriCorps model to increase civic engagement and improve New Jersey’s communities by deploying AmeriCorps members to provide services in the six focus areas: AmeriCorps Focus Areas: Disaster Services Economic Opportunity Education Environmental Stewardship Healthy Futures Veterans and Military Families. Eligible agencies include: Public or private non-profit organizations, including community organizations and faith-based organizations Local Education Agencies (LEAs) including charter schools; institutions of higher education; Government entities within the state (e.g., cities/municipalities, counties, state departments); Labor organizations; Partnerships or consortia consisting of the aforementioned This Formula NOFO will fund the following types of grants: PLANNING GRANTS (1 year): Planning Grants are available to agencies that are new to AmeriCorps. It provides funds for one year of planning and development of a plan for the potential infrastructure of a program. Planning grantees would be developing an application for an operating grant for the following year. Planning grants do not include funds or slots for AmeriCorps members. Planning grantees are not guaranteed a subsequent operating grant. Planning grantee applications for an operating grant will compete with other state-level funding solicitors. OPERATING GRANTS (3 year): Operating Grant funds are Cost Reimbursement Grants or Formula-Fixed Grants for Current Programs only: Cost Reimbursement grants are available for programs that are currently in their third year of a three-year AmeriCorps program cycle. Operating grants are also available to applicants that have completed a prior planning grant. Funds are used for program operations and the living costs of a cadre of AmeriCorps members who will perform service. Formula-Fixed grants are operating grants that have completed one full three-year cycle of an operating grant. Formula Fixed grantees do not have to demonstrate a budget and match. However, in order to successfully operate the program, the applicant will need to provide additional resources. Planning (New) and Operating Grant (Recompeting & Planning Grantees) Applications due date is March 22, 2024. CONTINUATION GRANTS : Applicants to Continuation Grants are currently operating their first or second year of their AmeriCorps program. Separate instructions will be sent to these grantees and their application due date is March 28, 2024. Date* FY24.25 ACNJ FORMULA GRANT ACTIVITIES TIME LINE February 5 Dissemination of NOFO flyer announcing the 2024/25 AmeriCorps Formula competition. NOFO goes live on the NJ Department of State (NJ DOS) website February 15 NOFO Technical Assistance Session - New via ZOOM. Live at 10:00 am . Click title to register and receive link (good for all TA sessions). Recording of session will be posted on NJ DOS website. Mandatory for NEW applicants. (only Planning Grant available for new applicants) February 15 NOFO Technical Assistance Session - Recompete via ZOOM. Live at 2:00 pm . Click title to register and receive link (good for all TA sessions). Recording of session will be posted on NJ DOS website. Mandatory for RECOMPETING applicants. February 23 Technical Assistance Session: Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures via ZOOM. 11:00 am . Click title to register and receive link (good for all TA sessions). Recording of session will be posted on NJ DOS website. Mandatory for Recompete applicants. Strongly Recommended for New Applicants March 8 Notice of Intent to Apply due to Commission by 6PM. Click title to submit form (NEW and RECOMPETING applicants only). For information only/not binding. March 22 Formula applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm. (NEW and RECOMPETING Applicants only). March 25 Staff review of applications and budgets are begun ( NEW & RECOMPETING ONLY) March 25 Technical Assistance session for Readers 1P via ZOOM. Independent reader review begins (NEW and RECOMPETING only) March 28 Formula applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm. (Continuation Applicants only) . April 1 Final staff review on revisions. April 9 Reader Arena Session 1P via ZOOM. (New & Recompete only) Arena scores and final rankings. Notification of applicants selected begun pending final Commission Board vote. April 22 Revisions requested by staff due back from applicants May 2 Commission board vote on selected applicants and continuations at 11A May 10 NJ Commission target date for submission of Formula package to AmeriCorps. May 17 Formula Applications due to AmeriCorps State and National DOWNLOADS: FY24.25 AmeriCorps NJ Formula NOFO FY24.25 ACNJ Formula NOFO Announcement flyer FY24.25 AmeriCorps NJ Formula NOFO timeline AmeriCorps 101 2024 Final PPT FY24.25 Formula NOFO NEW Applicant Tech Assist Session FY24.25 Formula NOFO RECOMPETE Applicant Tech Assist Session Recording PPT How to Create 24.25 Formula REGULAR Application_eGrants How to Create 24.25 Formula FIXED Application_eGrants 2024 AmeriCorps Formula CREEHS TA Session_ 02.23.24 Sample Budget for 24.25 ACNJ Formula NEW (Planning Grant) Sample Budget for 24.25 ACNJ Formula OPERATING applicant (existing grantee only/Operational) RESOURCES: 2024 MANDATORY SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION 2024 AMERICORPS STATE AND NATIONAL APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS 2024 AMERICORPS STATE AND NATIONAL PERFORMANCE MEASURES INSTRUCTIONS APPLICANT OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT SURVEY (OFMS) RECORDINGS: AmeriCorps 101 for 24.25 Formula FY24.25 Formula NOFO NEW Applicant Tech Assist Session Recording 02.15.24 FY24.25 Formula NOFO RECOMPETE Applicant Tech Assist Session Recording 02.15.24 FY24.25 Formula TA_CREEHS Evidence, Logic Models, Perf Measures AmeriCorps NJ: FY24.25 COMPETITIVE NOTICE OF FUNDING OPPORTUNITY The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, in partnership with AmeriCorps State and National, seeks single-state applicants within New Jersey to apply for this AmeriCorps Competitive Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO). Single-state applicants apply through their respective state commissions. National organizations operating in more than one state would apply directly to AmeriCorps State and National. The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, New Jersey Department of State, seeks to fund local initiatives and utilize the AmeriCorps model to increase civic engagement and improve New Jersey’s communities by deploying AmeriCorps members to provide services in the six focus areas: AmeriCorps Focus Areas: Disaster Services Economic Opportunity Education Environmental Stewardship Healthy Futures Veterans and Military Families. Eligible agencies include: Public or private non-profit organizations, including community organizations and faith-based organizations Local Education Agencies (LEAs) including charter schools; institutions of higher education; Government entities within the state (e.g., cities/municipalities, counties, state departments); Labor organizations; Partnerships or consortia consisting of the aforementioned The NJ Commission is offering the opportunity to compete for a three-year cycle of Competitive AmeriCorps programs Awards from this Competitive NOFO will implement the first year of the program which runs from September 1, 2024 to August 31, 2025 Application Deadline: Competitive Grant applications are due by Wednesday November 8 by 4PM FY24.25 COMPETITIVE NOFO GRANT APPLICATION TIMELINE https://www.state.nj.us/state/volunteer-grant-opportunities.shtml Date Activity September 8 Dissemination of NOFO flyer announcing the 2024/25 Competitive AmeriCorps Grants competition. NOFO goes live on the NJ DOS website September 22 General Technical Assistance Session via ZOOM. Live at 10:00 am. Click title to register to attend the live session. Session will be recorded and available at the NJ Department of State AmeriCorps grants website within 24 hours. Mandatory for Competitive applicants. October 5 Technical Assistance Session on Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures via ZOOM. 10:00 am. Click title to register to attend the live session. Recorded session will be posted on NJ DOS website within 24 hours. Mandatory for Competitive applicants. October 27 Notice of Intent to Apply due to Commission. Click title to submit Notice. November 8 Competitive applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm EST. November 13 CREEHS, Staff and Independent Readers review of applications and budgets are begun. November 27 Competitive Applications Reader Arena 11A via ZOOM. Arena scores & final rankings. December 1 Notification of Competitive Applicants selected for submission to national competition. Staff and reader revisions requested for applications recommended for national competition. December 7 Final revisions from applicants due back in eGrants. December 11 Final staff review on revisions. December 19 NJ Commission board vote on selected applicants. December 22 NJ Commission target date for submission of Competitive packages to AmeriCorps. January 4, 2024 FY24.25 ACNJ Competitive applications due to ASN by 5PM EST Mid-April 2024 Successful Competitive applicants to be notified by AmeriCorps National. Mid-July 2024 Successful Competitive applicants to be issued awards. *DATES SUBJECT TO CHANGE RECORDINGS: FY24.25 ACNJ Competitive NOFO Technical Assistance: AmeriCorps 101 Part 1 AmeriCorps 101 Part 2 AmeriCorps 101 Part 3 24.25 Competitive NOFO Review Part 1 24.25 Competitive NOFO Review Part 2 FY24.25 ACNJ Competitive NOFO Technical Assistance Session: Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures FY24.25 ACNJ Competitive NOFO Technical Assistance Session: Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Model and Performance Measures DOWNLOADS: ACNJ 24.25 Competitive NOFO ACNJ 24.25 Competitive NOFO Timeline ACNJ 24.25 Competitive NOFO Flyer RESOURCES: Creating Your Competitive Application in eGrants FY24.25 ACNJ Competitive NOFO Technical Assistance Presentation Deck FY24.25 ACNJ Competitive NOFO Technical Assistance Session: Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures Deck AmeriCorps Evidence Exchange - www.americorps.gov/about/our-impact/evidence-exchange Sample Competitive Budget 2024.25 AmeriCorps NJ: FY24.25 PUBLIC HEALTH AMERICORPS (continuation only) NOTICE OF FUNDING OPPORTUNITY This Competitive NOFO will fund the following type of grant: CONTINUATION GRANTS: Applicants to Continuation Grants are currently operating their first or second year of their AmeriCorps program. Separate instructions will be sent to these grantees. Application Deadline: Public Health AmeriCorps Grant applications are due by Wednesday November 8 by 4PM – only open to current PHA grantees. RECORDINGS: TBA DOWNLOADS: ACNJ 24.25 Competitive NOFO Timeline RESOURCES: AmeriCorps New Jersey (ACNJ) 24.25 Public Health AmeriCorps Notice of Funding Opportunity – to come ACNJ 24.25 PUBLIC HEALTH AMERICORPS Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO) Timeline – to come ACNJ 24.25 PUBLIC HEALTH AMERICORPS Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO) Flyer – to come Creating Your Public Health AmeriCorps Application in eGrants – to come Continuation application instructions – to come AmeriCorps 101 – to come FY24.25 ACNJ Public Health AmeriCorps NOFO Technical Assistance – to come AmeriCorps NJ: 23.24 Formula Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO) The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, in partnership with AmeriCorps State and National (ASN), seeks single-state applicants within New Jersey to apply for this AmeriCorps Formula Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO). Single-state applicants apply through their respective state commissions. The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, New Jersey Department of State, seeks to fund local initiatives and utilize the AmeriCorps model to increase civic engagement and improve New Jersey’s communities by deploying AmeriCorps members to provide services in the six focus areas> AmeriCorps Focus Areas: Disaster Services Economic Opportunity Education Environmental Stewardship Healthy Futures Veterans and Military Families. Eligible agencies include: Public or private non-profit organizations, including community organizations and faith-based organizations Local Education Agencies (LEAs) including charter schools; institutions of higher education; Government entities within the state (e.g., cities/municipalities, counties, state departments); Labor organizations; Partnerships or consortia consisting of the aforementioned This Formula NOFO will fund the following types of grants: PLANNING GRANTS (1 year): Planning Grantsare available to agencies that are new to AmeriCorps. It provides funds for one year of planning and development of an infrastructure and application for an operating grant in the next program cycle. Planning grants do not include funds or slots for AmeriCorps members. Up to $85,000. OPERATING GRANTS (3 year): Operating Grant funds are Cost Reimbursement Grants or Formula-Fixed Grants for Current Programs only - up to $405,00: Cost Reimbursement grants are available for programs that are currently in their third year of a three-year AmeriCorps program cycle. Operating grants are also available to applicants that have completed a prior planning grant. Funds are used for program operations and the living costs of a cadre of AmeriCorps members who will perform service. Formula-Fixed grants are operating grants that have completed one full three-year cycle of an operating grant. Formula Fixed grantees do not have to demonstrate a budget and match. However, in order to successfully operate the program, the applicant will need to provide additional resources. Application Deadline: Planning grant or Operating grant is March 28, 2023 by 4PM CONTINUATION GRANTS : Applicants to Continuation Grants are currently operating their first or second year of their AmeriCorps program. Separate instructions will be sent to these grantees. Application Deadline: Continuation application is April 4, 2023 by 4PM FY23.24 Formula NOFO TIMELINE Date Activity February 9 Dissemination of NOFO flyer announcing the 2023/24 AmeriCorps Formula competition. NOFO goes live on the NJ Department of State (NJ DOS) website February 17 NOFO Technical Assistance Session via ZOOM. Live at 10:00 am. Click title to register and receive link to attend both TA sessions. Recording of session will be posted on NJ DOS website. Mandatory for applicants. February 22 Technical Assistance Session: Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures via ZOOM. 11:00 am. Click title to register and receive link to attend both TA sessions. Recording of session will be posted on NJ DOS website. Mandatory for applicants. March 16 Notice of Intent to Apply due to Commission by 6PM. Click title to submit form (NEW and RECOMPETING applicants only). For information only/not binding. March 28 Formula applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm. (NEW and RECOMPETING Applicants only). March 29 Staff review of applications and budgets are begun (NEW and RECOMPETING ONLY) March 31 Technical Assistance session for readers via ZOOM. Independent reader review begins (NEW and RECOMPETING only) April 4 Formula applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm. (Continuation Applicants only). April 5 Staff review of applications and budgets are begun (CONTINUATIONS ONLY) April 17, 18 or 19 TBD Reader Arena Session via ZOOM. Arena scores and final rankings. Notification of applicants selected begun pending final Commission Board vote. April 28 Revisions requested by staff due back from applicants May 3 Commission board vote on selected applicants and continuations May 10 NJ Commission target date for submission of Formula package to AmeriCorps. May 17 Final due date set by AmeriCorps *DATES SUBJECT TO CHANGE RECORDINGS: 23.24 ACNJ Formula NOFO Technical Assistance Session presented 02.17.23 (mandatory) 23.24 ACNJ Formula NOFO Technical Assistance Session: Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures presented 02.22.23 DOWNLOADS: AmeriCorps New Jersey (ACNJ) 23.24 FORMULA Notice of Funding Opportunity ACNJ 23.24 FORMULA Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO) Timeline ACNJ 23.24 FORMULA Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO) Flyer Creating Your Formula Application in eGrants FY23.24 Planning Grant Sample budget Continuation application instructions AmeriCorps 101 - presented 02.17.23 FY23.24 ACNJ Formula NOFO Technical Assistance - presented 02.17.23 23.24 ACNJ Formula NOFO Technical Assistance Session: Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures Deck – presented 02.22.23 RESOURCES: ASN Grant CERTIFICATIONS 2023 – this is the ‘fine print’ on application – take time to read ASN Grant ASSURANCES 2023 – this is the ‘fine print’ on application – take time to read FY23 ASN Disability Accommodation Off Set request instructions Questions? Please email the NJ Commission at AmeriCorps.Nj@sos.nj.gov DISCLOSURE Publication of this Notice of Funding Opportunity (Notice) does not obligate AmeriCorps to award any specific number of grants or to commit any particular amount of funding. The actual level, timing, and process of grant funding will be subject to the availability of annual appropriations. AmeriCorps NJ: 2023 Climate Change Planning Grant NOFO The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service (hereinafter, the NJ Commission), in partnership with AmeriCorps State and National, seeks single-state applicants to apply for this AmeriCorps Climate Change Planning Grant Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO). The purpose of planning grants is to support the development of AmeriCorps programs so applicants are better prepared to compete for an AmeriCorps program grant in the following grant cycle. Planning grants may not be used to support AmeriCorps members. This planning grant NOFO seeks initiatives that will utilize the AmeriCorps model to increase civic engagement and improve New Jersey’s communities by deploying AmeriCorps members to provide services in the focus area of Environmental Stewardship and focusing on development of a Climate Change AmeriCorps operating program. The planning grant will run from February 1, 2023 to August 31, 2023. During this period, the planning grantee will develop an AmeriCorps Operating application to be submitted in the Formula 2023 competition. If selected for funding, the awardee would then begin implementation of the operating grant on September 1, 2023. The operating grant would engage AmeriCorps members in an evidence-informed and evidence-based approach to providing a service intervention that will result in intended solutions to community problems resulting from climate change. A. Application Submission Due Date: December 12, 2022. B. Amount of Award: Applicants may apply for up to $75,000. The NJ Commission anticipates funding up to 2 awards. C. Matching Requirements: Match at 24% cash or in-kind or a combination of both will be required for this planning grant. Eligibility is open to public or private non-profit organizations. Only applications that target communities in New Jersey will be considered for funding. FY23 Climate Change Planning Grant TIMELINE Date Activity Wednesday, November 9, 2022 Dissemination of NOFO announcing the 2022 AmeriCorps Climate Change Planning Grant goes live on the NJ Department of State/AmeriCorps website under Grant Opportunities. November 17, 2022 NOFO Technical Assistance Session via ZOOM . Live at 10:00 am. Click session title to register and receive link. Session will be recorded and available at the NJ Department of State/AmeriCorps website under Grant Opportunities. MANDATORY ATTENDANCE November 30, 2022 Notice of Intent to Apply due to Commission. Click following link to complete this non-binding, informational-only NOTICE OF INTENT TO APPLY Form . December 12, 2022 Planning Grant applications due to Commission by 4PM EST December 14, 2022 Staff review of applications and budgets are begun December 15, 2022 Reader Arena Session via ZOOM. Arena scores and final rankings. December 21, 2022 Commission Board vote on selected applications December 22, 2022 Notification of selected applicants February 1, 2023 Start date of Planning Grant August 31, 2023 End date of Planning Grant DOWNLOAD: FY23 ACNJ Climate Change Planning Grant NOFO FY23 ACNJ Climate Change PG sample budget.xlsx AmeriCorps NJ: 2023 National Direct Consultation - ARP Planning or National Competitive Multi-State applicants applying directly to AmeriCorps State and National to create a service site/s in New Jersey or 2023 AmeriCorps State and National American Rescue Plan (ARP) Planning Grants must do so in consultation with the NJ Commission. To initiate the consultation, applicants must complete the National Direct Consltation Form. This single form supports the national service field by providing one form for multi-state applicants applying for an AmeriCorps grant to initiate their consultation with participating state service commissions. This consultation form can be used for the following FY 2023 AmeriCorps State and National Grant funding opportunities: AmeriCorps competitive grants; Public Health AmeriCorps grants; , AmeriCorps Planning Grants. Why Consultation? As part of the Serve America Act, Consultation was established to help increase collaboration and coordination among national service programs, which in turn supports the efficient use of national service funds in each state. AmeriCorps NJ: 2023 AmeriCorps Competitive Grant The NJ Commission on National and Community Service, NJ Department of State, announces funding opportunities for 2023 AmeriCorps Competitive grants. AmeriCorps is a federally-funded national service program. Through this Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO), the NJ Commission seeks to identify evidence-based program models. Projects will deploy a cadre of AmeriCorps participants to solve significant community problems. In return for their service, participants benefit from a living allowance of $17,600 (F/T) and an educational award for college attendance or to pay back existing federal loans (about$6,495 for F/T service). This is a three-year grant; local combination of significant cash and in-kind match required; maximum MSY $35,200. This competition invites applications that address the AmeriCorps and NJ’s State Service Plan within the priority areas of: Disaster Services Economic Opportunity Education Environmental Stewardship Healthy Futures Veterans and Military Families Eligible agencies include: Public or private non-profit organizations, including community organizations and faith-based organizations Local Education Agencies (LEAs) including charter schools; institutions of higher education; Government entities within the state (e.g., cities/municipalities, counties, state departments); Labor organizations; Partnerships or consortia consisting of the aforementioned Application Deadline: Thursday, November 17, 2022 by 4PM Eastern Recordings DOWNLOAD: FY23.24 ACNJ Competitive NOFO flyer FY23.24 ACNJ Competitive NOFO Instructions for creating a Competitive Application in eGrants (TBA) RESOURCES: AmeriCorps 101 from 10.05 Tech Assistance session PPT FY23.24 Competitive NOFO Tech Assistance session PPT ACNJ FY23 PHA & Competitive NOFO Technical Assistance Session Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures FY23.23 COMPETITIVE NOFO TIMELINE Date Activity September 20-21 Dissemination of NOFO flyer announcing the 2023/24 Competitive AmeriCorps Grants competition. NOFO goes live on the NJ DOS website: New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service Grant Opportunities October 5 Competitive NOFO Technical Assistance Session via ZOOM . Live at 10:00 am. Click title to register to attend the live session. Session will be recorded and available at the NJ Department of State AmeriCorps grants website within 24-48 hours. October 11 Technical Assistance Session on Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures via ZOOM . 10:00 am. Click title to register to attend the session. Recorded session will be posted on NJ DOS website within 24-48 hours. November 9 Notice of Intent to Apply due to Commission. Form available HERE November 17 Competitive applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm. November 21 CREEHS and Staff review of applications and budgets are begun December 8 or 9 Reader Arena Session via ZOOM. Arena scores and final rankings. December 13 Notification of applicants selected and Reader/CREEHS revisions requested for applications recommended for funding December 19 Final revisions from applicants due back in eGrants December 20 Final staff review on revisions December 21 NJ Commission board vote on selected applicants December 29 NJ Commission target date for submission of Competitive package to AmeriCorps (NOFO due date is January 4) AmeriCorps NJ: 2023 Public Health AmeriCorps (PHA) Grant The NJ Commission on National and Community Service, NJ Department of State, announces funding opportunities for 2023 AmeriCorps Public Health AmeriCorps grants. AmeriCorps is a federally-funded national service program. Through this Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO), the NJ Commission seeks to identify evidence-based program models. Projects will deploy a cadre of AmeriCorps participants to solve significant community problems. In return for their service, participants benefit from a living allowance of starting at $17,600 (F/T) and an educational award for college attendance or to pay back existing federal loans (about $6,495 for F/T service). This is a two-year grant; no cost share or match required; maximum MSY $28,800. This competition invites applications that address the AmeriCorps and NJ’s State Service Plan within the priority areas of: Helping local communities respond to and recover from the COVID-19 pandemic; Creating pathways to good-quality public health-related careers through on-site experience and training; Serving in communities with concentrated poverty, rural communities, tribal communities, and those organizations serving historically underrepresented and under-served individuals. Eligible agencies include: Indian Tribes; institutions of higher education; local governments; public health departments; nonprofit organizations; state service commissions; states and US territories. Application Deadline: Thursday, November 17, 2022 by 4PM Eastern Recordings DOWNLOAD: FY23.24 PHA NOFO flyer FY23.24 AmeriCorps NJ PHA Instructions for creating a PHA Application in eGrants (TBA) PHA Sample Budget for 2023-24 For multi-state PHA applicants applying directly to National to create service site/s in New Jersey. FY23 Public Health AmeriCorps NJ Commission Requirements overview FY23 National Direct Consultation Form required (via SurveyMonkey) NOTE: Only 1 form required for a multi-state applicant. For your reference, here is the the FY23 National Direct Consultation Form PDF (DO NOT FILL-OUT PDF/must use link above) RESOURCES: AmeriCorps 101 from 10.05 Tech Assistance session PPT FY23.24 Public Health AmeriCorps NOFO 10.05 Tech Assist session PPT ACNJ FY23 PHA & Competitive NOFO Technical Assistance Session Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures FY23.23 PUBLIC HEALTH AMERICORPS NOFO TIMELINE Date Activity September 20-21 Dissemination of NOFO flyer announcing the 2023/24 Public Health AmeriCorps Grants competition. NOFO goes live on the NJ Department of State website October 4 PHA NOFO Technical Assistance Session via ZOOM. Live at 10:00 am. Register here to attend the live session . Session will be recorded and available at the NJ Department of State AmeriCorps grants website within 24 hours. October 11 Technical Assistance Session on Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures via ZOOM. 10:00 am. Register here to attend the session . Recorded session will be posted on NJ DOS website within 24 hours. November 9 Notice of Intent to Apply due to Commission by 5P EST. Form available on Notice of Intent to Apply form November 17 Public Health AmeriCorps applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm. November 21 CREEHS and Staff review of applications and budgets are begun December 8 or 9 Reader Arena Session via ZOOM. Arena scores and final rankings. December 13 Notification of PHA applicants selected and Reader/CREEHS revisions requested for applications recommended for funding December 19 Final revisions from applicants due back in eGrants December 20 Final staff review on revisions December 21 NJ Commission board vote on selected applicants December 29 NJ Commission target date for submission of Competitive package to AmeriCorps (NOFO due date is January 4). AmeriCorps Agency: 2022 Public Health AmeriCorps Public Health AmeriCorps will include a 400 million dollar investment, over five years, from the American Rescue Plan Act workforce funding that will enable the recruitment, training, and development of a new generation of public health leaders who are ready to respond to the public health needs of the nation by providing public health service in communities. AmeriCorps members will serve primarily in state, local, Tribal, and territorial public health departments or in service to public health departments. It is strongly recommended that AmeriCorps members serve in at least teams of two. AmeriCorps has found that placing at least two members at a service site location provides economies of scale and aids in retention of members. Public Health AmeriCorps goals include: Help meet public health needs of local communities by providing needed capacity and support in state and local public health settings and advancing more equitable health outcomes for communities who are currently or historically underserved. Provide pathways to good quality public health-related careers by providing exposure through onsite experience, training, and more, with a focus on recruiting AmeriCorps members who reflect the communities in which they will serve AmeriCorps agency's priorities include: Efforts to help local communities respond to and recover from the COVID-19 pandemic. Applicants may propose programming to aid communities in their efforts to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic. Application Deadline : The deadline for applications to the 2022 AmeriCorps State and National Public Health AmeriCorps NOFO is Monday, November 8, 2021 at 5:00 p.m. ET . Please contact AmeriCorpsGrants@cns.gov for additional guidance. To apply : FY 2022 AmeriCorps State and National Public Health AmeriCorps | AmeriCorps Public Health AmeriCorps Links NOFO Page Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO) Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) (updated weekly) Regional contacts (your regional contact can help answer questions you have about the application process) Partnering with the New Jersey Commission AmeriCorps Competitive Grants The NJ Commission on National and Community Service, NJ Department of State, announces funding opportunities for 2022 AmeriCorps Competitive grants. AmeriCorps, sometimes called the “Domestic Peace Corps” is a national service program funded by the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS). Through this Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO), the NJ Commission seeks to identify projects that it can submit for award consideration by the CNCS. These projects will deploy AmeriCorps participants or “members” effectively to solve significant community problems. In return for their service, members benefit from a living allowance of up to $33,004 (F/T) and a Segal educational award linked to the value of the Pell Grant which is held in trust for college cost of attendance or to pay back existing federal loans. AmeriCorps and the N.J. Commission have highlighted the following focus areas: Disaster Response Economic Opportunity Education Environmental Stewardship Healthy Futures Veterans and Military Families Efforts to help local communities recover from the COVID-19 pandemic Eligible agencies include public or private non-profit organizations, community and faith-based organizations; local education agencies including charter schools; local, county or state government; and, colleges. Application Deadline: Competitive applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm November 16, 2021. Download: Competitive Grants Opportunity Flyer AmeriCorps Competitive Notice of Funding Opportunity 22.23 Sample Budget 22.23 AmeriCorps Competitive Grant application 2021 Competitive Technical Assistance Sessions (mandatory viewing for consideration of application) October 1: 22.23 Competitive NOFO General Technical Assistance Session RECORDED 10/01/21 22.23 Competitive NOFO General Technical Assistance Session POWERPOINT PRESENTATION 10/01/21 October 5: 22'23 Competitive NOFO 10.05.21 General Tech Assist Session: Theory of Change & Logic Models RECORDED 10/05/21 22'23 Competitive NOFO General Technical Assistance Session: Theory of Change, Logic Models POWERPOINT PRESENTATION 10/05/21 Registration required. Click here to register to attend one or both sessions. These session will be recorded and posted to this website. Timeline: Date Activity September 14 - 17 Dissemination of NOFO flyer announcing the 2022/23 AmeriCorps Competitive competition. NOFO goes live on the NJ DOS website. October 1 NOFO Technical Assistance Session via ZOOM. Live at 10:00 am. Register here to attend one or both sessions . Session will be recorded and available at the NJ Department of State AmeriCorps grants website. October 5 Technical Assistance Session on Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures via ZOOM. 10:00 am. Register here to attend one or both sessions . Recorded session will be posted on NJ DOS website. November 4 Notice of Intent to Apply due to Commission. Form available on https://forms.office.com/g/bc4usvqUkK . November 16 Competitive applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm. November 29 Staff review of applications and budgets are begun. December 2 or 3 (TBD) Reader Arena Session via ZOOM. Arena scores and final rankings. December 6 or 7 (TBD) Notification of applicants selected and Reader revisions requested for applications recommended for funding. December 16 & 17 Final staff review on revisions. December 21 Commission board vote on selected applicants. December 30 NJ Commission target date for submission of Competitive package to CNCS. AmeriCorps Formula Grants The NJ Commission on National and Community Service, NJ Department of State, announces funding opportunities for 2021 AmeriCorps Formula grants. AmeriCorps, sometimes called the “Domestic Peace Corps” is a national service program funded by the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS). Through this Notice of Funding Op-portunity (NOFO), the NJ Commission seeks to identify projects that it can submit for award consideration by the CNCS. These projects will deploy AmeriCorps participants or “members” effectively to solve significant community problems. In return for their service, members benefit from a living allowance of up to $13,732 (F/T) and an educational award linked to the value of the Pell Grant which is held in trust for college cost of attendance or to pay back existing fed-eral loans. CNCS and the N.J. Commission have highlighted the following focus areas: Education Environmental Stewardship Healthy Futures Economic Opportunity Veterans and Military Families Disaster Services Efforts to help local communities recover from the COVID-19 pandemic Eligible agencies include public or private non-profit organizations, community and faith-based organizations; local education agencies including charter schools; local, county or state government; and, colleges. Application Deadline: Formula applications due to Commission on eGrants by 4:00 pm April 15, 2021. Formula Grants Opportunity Flyer Download: AmeriCorps Formula Notice of Funding Opportunity 21.22 2021 AmeriCorps State & National Mandatory Supplemental Guidance ASN Application Instructions CNCS Performance Measures Instructions 2021/22 Formula Application Timeline Notice of Intent to Apply Form due by 4pm on 4/1/21 2021/22 Formula Continuation Application Instructions (ONLY for programs that are currently in their first or second year of operations.) 2021 Formula Funding Technical Assistance Sessions (mandatory viewing for consideration of application) March 3 - ‘2021 General Technical Assistance Session by Ivette Ramos and Marie Humenik LINK: NJ AmeriCorps General Technical Assistance Session 03.03.2021 PASSCODE: NOFO2021! General Technical Assistance Session Slides 03/03/2021 ACNJ Formula Fund sample budget 21.22 March 5 – ‘2021 Formula Funding ‘Theory of Change, Evidence, Logic Models and Performance Measures’ Technical Assistance Session’ by Montclair CREEHS Due to technical error, the recording of the March 5 session is unavailable. Here is the session presented October 2020: AmeriCorps TA 10.6.2020 -Theory of Change, Logic Models and Performance Measures video RESOURCES: Performance Measure Guide and Instructions & AmeriCorps Evidence Exchange AmeriCorps Formula Session Slides 03/05/2021 AmeriCorps Formula Session Handouts 03/05/2021 AmeriCorps Formula Session Exemplar 03/05/2021 Potential outline for a theory of change narrative (NEW) AmeriCorps Competitive Grants The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, New Jersey Department of State, seeks to fund local initiatives and utilize the AmeriCorps model to increase civic engagement and improve New Jersey’s communities by deploying AmeriCorps members to provide services in the six focus areas identified in the Serve America Act. These focus areas are: Disaster Services Economic Opportunity Education, including STEM Environmental Stewardship Healthy Futures Veterans and Military Families A full description of the focus areas is contained in Section II of this Notice of Funding Opportunity. Through this AmeriCorps Competitive Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO), the New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service (hereinafter, the Commission) seeks submission of applications that demonstrate that they will engage AmeriCorps members in an evidence-informed and evidence-based approach to providing a service intervention that will result in intended solutions to community problems (e.g., based on proposed program’s performance and evaluation data or research demonstrating the effectiveness of a similar intervention). Applicants will be awarded points for providing evidence that their proposal intervention will lead to the outcomes identified in the theory of change (logic model). Applicants shall provide evidence that the proposed intervention is effective for the proposed population and community challenge. The AmeriCorps Competitive program is federally funded and requires a local combination of significant cash and in-kind match. Application Deadline: The application deadline for AmeriCorps Competitive Grants has passed. Please check back for information about future grants. AmeriCorps NOFO Webinar FY21-22 Competitive NOFO Tech Assist Presentation New Jersey AmeriCorps Formula Operating and Planning Grants AmeriCorps is a national service network that provides full- and part-time opportunities for participants, called members, to serve their communities and build the capacity of organizations to meet local needs. The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service (hereinafter “the Commission”), New Jersey Department of State, seeks to fund local initiatives and utilize the AmeriCorps model to increase civic engagement and improve New Jersey’s communities by deploying AmeriCorps members to provide services in the six focus areas identified in the Serve America Act. Through this AmeriCorps Formula Notice of Funding Opportunity (NOFO), the New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service seeks: Operational grant applications that demonstrate that they will engage AmeriCorps members in an evidence-informed and evidence-based approach to providing a service intervention that will result in intended solutions to community problems (e.g., based on proposed program’s performance and evaluation data or research demonstrating the effectiveness of a similar intervention). Planning grant applications that support the development of AmeriCorps programs so applicants are better prepared to compete for an AmeriCorps program grant is the following grant cycle. While there is no guarantee of future funding the Commission will offer these planning grants to enable successful applicants to receive technical assistance and training and to build an infrastructure that might enhance their ability to run a successful AmeriCorps program in the future. Planning grants may not be used to support AmeriCorps members. Applicants will be awarded points for providing evidence that their proposal intervention will lead to the outcomes identified in the theory of change (logic model). Applicants shall provide evidence that the proposed intervention is effective for the proposed population and community challenge. Application Deadline: The application deadline for AmeriCorps Competitive Grants has passed. Please check back for information about future grants. Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate