Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-elections-19-10-19.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Division of Elections, 19-10-19 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Division of Elections In January 2014, the Governor signed into law P.L. 2013, c. 259 . Pursuant to that statute the Department of State provides the following Laws and Regulations as a service to our users. The Laws and Regulations displayed here have been copied from: NJ Statutes Annotated (NJSA) NJ Administrative Code (NJAC) Executive Orders Index Please refer to the above links for the most recent updates. Page Updated Statutes 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:1-1 - 19:9-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:10-1 - 19:19-17 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:20-1 - 19:29-14 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:31-1 - 19:37-5 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:44A-1 - 19:49-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:50-1 - 19:59-16 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:60-1 - 19:63-28 02/03/23 NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles and Traffic Regulation (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40 - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40A - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/24/23 NJAC Title 15: Subchapter 10 - Elections Electronic Poll Book Rules, Special Adopted New Rules: N.J.A.C. 15:10-7 02/03/23 NJSA Title 52 - State Government, Departments and Officers (Pertaining to Elections) Last updated: 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:10 NJSA 19:10-1 Custodial officer to preserve two years All petitions of nomination, affidavits attached thereto, acceptances, objections thereto and determinations of officers or courts relative to such objections and all other documents relating to elections not otherwise provided for, shall be preserved by the officer with whom they have been filed for two years from any election at which the candidates named therein are to be voted for. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:11 NJSA 19:11-1 Day for filing documents or performing official duties falling on Sunday or legal holiday Should the day for the filing of any petition, declination, resignation, instrument in writing or other paper or document required to be filed in any office under the provisions of this title, or for the performance of any duty required by this title by any person, candidate or official, fall upon the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, or any legal holiday, such filing or performance of duty shall be effected upon the next following business day. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:12 NJSA 19:12-1 Certification as to creation of political party The Secretary of State shall within thirty days after the completion of the canvass by the board of State canvassers, certify to each county clerk and county board the fact that at the next preceding general election held for the election of all of the members of the General Assembly ten per centum (10%) of the total vote cast in the State for members of the General Assembly had been cast for candidates having the same designation, thereby creating, within the meaning of this Title, a political party, to be known and recognized as such under the same designation as used by the candidates for whom the required number of votes were cast. The Secretary of State shall also not later than the 74th day preceding the primary election for the general election in every year in which electors of President and Vice-President of the United States, a representative of the United States Senate, members of the House of Representatives, a Governor, a Lieutenant Governor, or Senator, or member or members of the General Assembly for any county, or any of them, are to be elected or any public question is to be submitted to the voters of the entire State, direct and cause to be delivered to the clerk of the county and the county board wherein any such election is to be held, a notice stating that such officer or officers are to be elected and that such public question is to be submitted to the voters of the entire State at the ensuing general election. R.S. 19 :12-1 amended 1946, c.11, ss.8,17 (1946, c.11, ss.8,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.12; 2005, c.136, s.15; 2009, c.66, s.2; 2011, c.37, s.39; 2011, c.134, s.15; 2023, c.16, s.2. NJSA 19:12-3 County clerk, forwarding of notice of creation of political party to municipal clerks The clerk of each county shall immediately upon the receipt of the certificate from the Secretary of State setting forth that a political party has been created, forward a certified copy of such certificate to each municipal clerk of his county. He shall also, not later than the 64th day preceding the primary election for the general election in every year, cause a copy of the notice received from the Secretary of State of the officer or officers to be elected at the ensuing general election, certified under his hand to be true and correct, to be delivered to the clerk of each municipality in the county. amended 1946, c.11, ss.10,17; (1946, c.11, ss.10,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.14; 2005, c.136, s.16; 2011, c.37, s.40; 2011, c.134, s.16; 2023, c.16, s.3. NJSA 19:12-5 Notice that officers will be chosen at general election The clerk of every county shall, not later than the 71st day preceding the primary election for the general election, immediately preceding the expiration of the term of office of all other officers who are voted for by the voters of the entire county or of more than one municipality within the county, direct and cause to be delivered to the clerk of each municipality and the county board in counties of the first class, a notice that such officer or officers, as the case may be, will be chosen at the ensuing general election. amended 1946, c.11, ss.11,17; (1946, c.11, ss.11,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.15; 2005, c.136, s.17; 2011, c.37, s.41; 2011, c.134, s.17; 2023, c.16, s.4. NJSA 19:12-6 Statement designating public offices to be filled at election All municipal clerks, not later than the 71st day preceding the primary election for the general election, shall make and certify under their hands and seals of office and forward to the clerk of the county in which the municipality is located a statement designating the public offices to be filled at such election, and the number of persons to be voted for each office. In counties of the first class such statement shall also be forwarded to the county board. amended 1946, c.11, ss.12,17; (1946, c.11, ss.12,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.16; 2005, c.136, s.18; 2011, c.37, s.42; 2011, c.134, s.18; 2023, c.16, s.6. NJSA 19:12-7 Publication of notice of elections a. The county board in each county shall cause to be published in a newspaper or newspapers which, singly or in combination, are of general circulation throughout the county, a notice containing the information specified in subsection b. hereof, except for such of the contents as may be omitted pursuant to subsection c. or d. hereof. Such notice shall be published once during the 30 days next preceding the day fixed for the closing of the registration books for the primary election, once during the calendar week preceding the week in which the early voting period for the primary election for the general election begins, once during the 30 days next preceding the day fixed for the closing of the registration books for the general election, and once during the calendar week preceding the week in which the early voting period for the general election begins. b. Such notice shall set forth: (1) For the primary election for the general election: (a) That a primary election for making nominations for the general election, for the selection of members of the county committees of each political party, and in each presidential year for the selection of delegates and alternates to national conventions of political parties, will be held on the day and between the hours provided for by or pursuant to this Title, and the days, hours, and places at which early voting shall be available in the county. (b) The place or places at which and hours during which a person may register, the procedure for the transfer of registration, and the date on which the books are closed for registration or transfer of registration. (c) The several State, county, municipal and party offices or positions to be filled, or for which nominations are to be made, at such primary election. (d) The existence of registration and voting aids, including: (i) the availability of registration and voting instructions at places of registration as provided under R.S.19:31-6; and (ii), if available, the accessibility of voter information to the deaf by means of a telecommunications device. (e) The availability of assistance to a person unable to vote due to blindness, disability or inability to read or write. (f) In the case of the notice published during the calendar week preceding the week in which the early voting period for the primary election begins, that a voter who, prior to the election, shall have moved within the same county without (i) filing, on or before the 21st day preceding the election, a notice of change of residence with the commissioner of registration of the county or the municipal clerk of the municipality in which the voter resides on the day of the election, (ii) returning the confirmation notice sent to the voter by the commissioner of registration of the county, if such a notice has been sent to the voter, or (iii) otherwise notifying the commissioner of registration of the voter's change of address within the county shall be permitted to correct the voter's registration and to vote in the primary election by provisional ballot at the polling place of the district in which the voter resides on the day of the election. The notice shall further provide that the voter may contact the county commissioner of registration or municipal clerk or may view polling place location information on the Division of Elections website to determine the proper polling place location for the voter. (2) For the general election: (a) That a general election will be held on the day and between the hours provided for by or pursuant to this Title, and the days, hours and places at which early voting shall be available in the county, and, where applicable, shall include annual school elections and annual fire district elections held on that date. (b) The place or places at which and hours during which a person may register, the procedure for transfer of registration, and the date on which the books are closed for registration or transfer of registration. (c) The several State, county and municipal offices, and where applicable, school board offices and fire district offices to be filled, notice of any school district propositions to be submitted to the people and, except as provided in R.S.19:14-33 of this Title as to publication of notice of any Statewide proposition directed by the Legislature to be submitted to the people, the State, county, municipal and fire district public questions to be voted upon at such general election. (d) The existence of registration and voting aids, including: (i) the availability of registration and voting instructions at places of registration as provided under R.S.19:31-6; and (ii) the accessibility of voter information to the deaf by means of a telecommunications device. (e) The availability of assistance to a person unable to vote due to blindness, disability or inability to read or write. (f) In the case of the notice published during the calendar week preceding the week in which the early voting period for the general election begins, that a voter who, prior to the election, shall have moved within the same county without (i) filing, on or before the 21st day preceding the election, a notice of change of residence with the commissioner of registration of the county or the municipal clerk of the municipality in which the voter resides on the day of the election, (ii) returning the confirmation notice sent to the voter by the commissioner of registration of the county, if such a notice has been sent to the voter, or (iii) otherwise notifying the commissioner of registration of the voter's change of address within the county shall be permitted to correct the voter's registration and to vote in the general election by provisional ballot at the polling place of the district in which the voter resides on the day of the election. The notice shall further provide that the voter may contact the county commissioner of registration or municipal clerk or may view polling place location information on the Division of Elections website to determine the proper polling place location for the voter. (3) For a school election: (a) The day and time thereof, (b) The offices, if any, to be filled at the election, (c) The substance of any public question to be submitted to the voters thereat, (d) That a voter who, prior to the election, shall have moved within the same county without (i) filing, on or before the 21st day preceding the election, a notice of change of residence with the commissioner of registration of the county or the municipal clerk of the municipality in which the voter resides on the day of the election, (ii) returning the confirmation notice sent to the voter by the commissioner of registration of the county, if such a notice has been sent to the voter, or (iii) otherwise notifying the commissioner of registration of the voter's change of address within the county shall be permitted to correct the voter's registration and to vote in the school election by provisional ballot at the polling place of the district in which the voter resides on the day of the election, (e) That if the voter has any questions as to where to vote on the day of the election, the voter may contact the county commissioner of registration or municipal clerk or may view polling place location information on the Division of Elections website to determine the proper polling place location for the voter; and (f) Such other information as may be required by law. c. If such publication is made in more than one newspaper, it shall not be necessary to duplicate in the notice published in each such newspaper all the information required under this section, so long as: (1) The municipal officers or party positions to be filled, or nominations made, or municipal public questions to be voted upon by the voters of any municipality, shall be set forth in at least one newspaper having general circulation in such municipality; (2) All offices to be filled, or nominations made therefor, or public questions to be voted upon, by the voters of the entire State or of the entire county shall be set forth in a newspaper or newspapers which, singly or in combination, have general circulation throughout the county; (3) Information relating to nominations and elections in each Legislative District comprised in whole or part in the county, shall be published in at least a newspaper or newspapers which singly or in combination, have general circulation in every municipality of the county which is comprised in such legislative district. d. Such part or parts of the original notices as published which pertain to day of registration or primary election which has occurred shall be eliminated from such notice in succeeding insertions. e. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1999, c.232.) f. The cost of publishing the notices required by this section shall be paid by the respective counties, unless otherwise provided for by law. g. Notices required to be published or posted pursuant to this section shall set forth a general description of the contents of the voter information notice provided for in section 1 of P.L.2005, c.149 (C.19:12-7.1), how the notice may be viewed or obtained prior to the day of an election, and that the notice will be posted in each polling place on the day of an election. Amended 1945, c.184; 1962, c.26; 1975, c.289; 1991, c.429, s.9; 1995, c.278, s.16; 1999, c.232, s.2; 2005, c.136, s.19; 2005, c.139, s.4; 2005, c.149, s.2; 2011, c.134, s.19; 2011, c.202, s.25; 2017, c.206, s.2; 2019, c.170, s.1; 2021, c.40, s.8. NJSA 19:12-7.1 Posting of voter information notice by county board of elections; content and form 1. a. A county board of elections shall have posted a voter information notice, which shall be referred to as a voter's bill of rights, in a conspicuous location in each polling place and each specially designated polling place used for early voting before voting begins. The notice shall contain: the date of the election and the hours during which polling places will be open; a statement that sample ballots are available at the polling place for review by the voter; instruction for the use of the voting machine in that polling place and an explanation of what instructions for voting are available at the polling place for the voter; instruction for a voter who is voting for the first time; instruction for a voter who is required to provide identification pursuant to the federal "Help America Vote Act of 2002" and R.S.19:15-17 prior to casting a vote; instruction on how to cast a vote if the voter cannot be present at a polling place on the day of the election; an explanation of the right of the voter to vote in private, regardless of the voter's physical abilities; an explanation of the right of the voter to a provisional ballot, including in the event that a mail-in ballot has been applied for and not received or not transmitted to the county board of elections before the day of any election, and the other circumstances under which a voter has a right to a provisional ballot; an explanation of the right of the voter to receive a replacement ballot for a ballot that has been spoiled, destroyed, lost or never received; an explanation of the right of the voter to ask for and receive assistance in voting; an explanation of the right of the voter to take a reasonable amount of time in casting a vote on a voting machine; an explanation of the right of the voter to bring written material into the polling place for the voter's personal use in casting a vote; instruction on how to contact the appropriate officials if a voter's right to vote or right to otherwise participate in the electoral process has been challenged or violated; general information on federal and State laws that prohibit acts of fraud or misrepresentation and the penalties for those acts; an explanation of the right of the voter to confidentially discover the status of their ballot using the "Track My Ballot" user portal; an explanation that "All ballots are counted and your vote remains anonymous"; an explanation of the right of the voter that if their ballot was rejected, a notice will be issued to the voter within 24 hours after a decision is made to reject the ballot. The voter will have up to 48 hours prior to the date for the final certification of the results of the election to provide a cure for their ballot; an explanation giving the options for the voter to provide the cure to their rejected ballot; an explanation that no voters shall be intimidated or otherwise unduly influenced by political insignia while voting. No person shall wear, display, sell, give or provide any political or campaign slogan, badge, button or other insignia associated with any political party or candidate to be worn at or within one hundred feet of the polls or within the polling place or room, on any primary, general or special election day or on any commission government election day, except the badge furnished by the county board as provided by law. This includes any political gear representing the campaign slogans, logos, or depictions or representations of any political party or candidate such as merchandise sold directly from a political party, campaign, candidate, or by third parties and vendors representing any political party or campaign or candidate. A person violating any of these provisions is guilty of a disorderly persons offense and will not be permitted on the premises and can only return to vote after the removal of prohibited political insignia; and such other statement, instruction or explanation the Secretary of State may deem appropriate to ensure the full and knowledgeable participation of the voter in the process. The requirement to post this notice in each polling place shall not replace, supersede or void any other requirement set forth in law for the posting of information in each polling place apart from the voter information notice. The poster promoting the use of voting by mail prepared and distributed by the Secretary of State pursuant to R.S.19:8-6 shall be displayed next to or as close as may be possible to the voter information notice. b. The Secretary of State shall prescribe the form and specific content of the voter information notice, which may be comprised of more than one page. If the notice is comprised of more than one page, each page shall be posted separately. For an election district in which the primary language of 10 percent or more of the registered voters is a language other than English, the Secretary of State shall prescribe an official version of the voter information notice in that other language or languages for use in that election district. The notice shall be posted in English and in the other language or languages in the polling places in each such district. The alternate language shall be determined based on information from the latest federal decennial census. c. A county board of elections may modify or supplement the voter information notice used in a county or municipality to provide additional information specific to that county or a municipality in that county, provided, however, that any such modification or supplementation shall be submitted to the Secretary of State for prior approval. d. The voter information notice shall be printed on each sample ballot, to the extent practicable, or if not practicable, information on how to view or obtain a copy of the voter information notice shall be printed on each sample ballot. e. The voter information notice, including one modified or supplemented pursuant to subsection c. of this section, shall be made accessible on the official Internet site of the State by the Secretary of State and each county board of elections shall ensure that the official Internet site of the county contains a link to that notice. f. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.2020, c.70) g. The State shall be liable for the costs incurred by local government entities for compliance with this section, and they shall be reimbursed for those costs, upon application, by the State Treasurer. L.2005, c.149, s.1; amended 2009, c.79, s.30; 2020, c.70, s.1; 2020, c.71, s.2; 2021, c.40, s.9. NJSA 19:12-8 Contents of notice The notice required by section 19:12-7 of this Title shall include the telephone number and times at which a voter may make inquiry as to the location of the polling place in the district in which he resides, and shall advise that the voter may obtain polling place location information by electronic means from the Division of Elections Internet site. Amended 1969, c.162; 2019, c.170, s.2. NJSA 19:12-9 Publication of certain election procedures required 8. a. The county board in each county shall cause to be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation throughout the county, a notice containing the information specified in subsection b. hereof. This notice shall be published once on the seventh day preceding the day fixed for a municipal, primary, general or special election and once on the day preceding the day fixed for a primary, general or special election, b. At the top of the notice the words "Public Notice to All Registered Voters of (insert appropriate name) County" shall be printed in at least 30-point bold-faced capital type. Next underneath, the words "You are hereby advised of the following procedure to be used for the (insert appropriate date and type of election) election:" shall be printed in at least 12-point bold-faced type. The body of the notice shall be printed in at least 10-point bold-faced type and shall set forth: (1) that any person attempting to vote may be challenged by a duly authorized challenger for a political party or a candidate or on a public question, or by a member of the district board of elections, because the voter's name appears on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent of elections of the county or because the challenger or board member has good cause to believe that the voter is not entitled to vote; (2) that members of the district board and all duly authorized challengers are prohibited from challenging, delaying or preventing the right to vote of any person because of that person's race, color, national origin, expected manner of casting a vote or residence in a particular ward, housing complex or section of a municipality or county; (3) the means by which any person who is challenged because that person's name appears on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent of elections of the county may seek to establish the person's right to vote, as provided in R.S.19:32-18; (4) the means by which any person whose name does not appear on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent of elections of the county but who is challenged by a duly authorized challenger or by a member of the district board of elections may seek to establish the person's right to vote, as provided in section 2 of P.L.1991, c.249 (C.19:15-18.1); (5) that any challenger who succeeds in denying a voter the right to vote must sign an affidavit stating the reason why the voter is not entitled to vote and must furnish a copy of the affidavit to the challenged voter, as provided in section 3 of P.L.1991, c.249 (C.19:15-18.2); (6) the legal remedy which any person whose name does not appear on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent but who is challenged by a duly authorized challenger or by a member of the district board of elections and denied the right to vote may use to seek permission to vote, as provided in section 6 of P.L.1991, c.249 (C.19:15-18.3); (7) that forms to register complaints about the conduct of an election shall be available at each polling place in the county; and (8) the names of the chairman, secretary, clerk and members of the county board of elections and a telephone number at which they may be reached for more information. c. In counties in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, two notices containing the information in subsection b. of this section shall appear side-by-side, one in English and one in Spanish. The notices shall be identical in size, content and type face. d. The cost of publishing the notices required by this section shall be paid by the respective counties. L.1991,c.249,s.8. NJSA 19:12-10 Public notice of dates relevant to elections and voters; internet sites 4. a. Subject to guidelines established by the Attorney General, each county board of elections shall provide public notice, at appropriate times during the year, of certain dates relevant to elections and voters, including but not limited to the dates of each election and the deadlines for voter registration or application for civilian or military absentee ballots. Such notices may be made by card, poster, newspaper, newsletter, pamphlet, radio, television, Internet or by any other means deemed appropriate by the board. The provisions of this subsection are in addition to any other provision for public notice required by law. b.Each county board of elections and the Division of Elections in the Department of Law and Public Safety shall maintain an official Internet site containing information helpful for voters, including a link to the voter's bill of rights established by law and posted on the official Internet site of the State. The Internet site of the Division of Elections that contains such information shall include links to the Internet site of each county board and the Internet site of each county board shall contain a link to the part of the division's site containing information helpful to voters. c.The Attorney General shall review the official Internet site of each county board of elections to ensure that the information provided thereon is consistent with the information provided on the official Internet site of the Division of Elections. L.2005,c.151,s.4. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:13 NJSA 19:13-1 Direct petition and primary election Candidates for all public offices to be voted for at the general election in this state or in any political division thereof, except electors of president and vice president of the United States nominated by the political parties at state conventions, shall be nominated directly by petition as hereinafter provided, or at the primary for the general election held pursuant to this title. NJSA 19:13-2 State convention; presidential and vice presidential electors In presidential years the state conventions shall severally nominate for their respective parties such number of candidates for electors of president and vice president of the United States as this state shall be entitled to elect or appoint. NJSA 19:13-3 To whom petition addressed Direct nomination by petition for the general election shall be as follows: Petitions naming candidates for office to be filled by voters of the entire State, or of any congressional district, or of any political division greater than a single county, shall be addressed to the Secretary of State; petitions nominating candidates for election to the Senate or General Assembly shall be addressed to the Secretary of State; petitions naming candidates to be voted for by all the voters of a single county, or more than a single political division thereof, and all other petitions naming candidates to be voted for at the general election, shall be addressed to the clerks of the respective counties wherein the officers nominated are to be voted for. Amended by L.1967, c. 22, s. 1, eff. March 23, 1967. NJSA 19:13-4 Contents of petition Such petition shall set forth the names, places of residence and post-office addresses of the candidates for the offices to be filled, the title of the office for which each candidate is named, that the petitioners are legally qualified to vote for such candidates and pledge themselves to support and vote for the persons named in such petition and that they have not signed any other petition of nomination for the primary or for the general election for such office. The petitions of a candidate for any State, county, or municipal elective public office shall also include a functioning campaign e-mail address for the candidate. In the case of a petition or petitions nominating electors of president and vice president of the United States, the names of the candidates for president and vice president for whom such electors are to vote may be included in the petition or petitions, but the petition or petitions shall not include the names of any candidates for president or vice president who have been nominated at a convention of a political party, as defined by this title. The petition shall also state in not more than three words the designation of the party or principles which the candidates therein named represent, but such designation shall not contain the designation name, derivative, or any part thereof as a noun or an adjective of any political party entitled to participate in the primary election. The petition shall also include the request that the names of the candidates and their designations of party or principles be printed upon the ballots to be used at the ensuing general election. No such petition shall undertake to nominate any candidate who has accepted the nomination for the primary for such position. Each petition shall be arranged to contain double spacing between the signature lines of the petition, so that each signer thereof is afforded sufficient space to provide his or her printed name, address and signature. Any form of a petition of nomination, other than petitions for federal office, which is provided to candidates by the Secretary of State, the county clerk, or the municipal clerk shall contain the following notice: "Notice: All candidates are required by law to comply with the provisions of the 'New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act.' For further information, please call (insert phone number of the Election Law Enforcement Commission)." Amended 1983, c.579, s.1; 1984, c.12, s.1; 1994, c.77, s.5; 2018, c.66, s.1. NJSA 19:13-5 Signatures to petition; number The petition shall be signed by legally qualified voters of this State residing within the district or political division in and for which the officer or officers nominated are to be elected, equal in number to at least two per centum (2%) of the entire vote cast for members of the General Assembly at the last preceding general election, held for the election of all of the members of the General Assembly, in the State, county, district or other political division in and for which the nominations are made; except that when the nomination is for an office to be filled by the voters of the entire State eight hundred signatures in the aggregate for each candidate nominated in the petition shall be sufficient; and except that no more than one hundred signatures shall be required to any petition for any officers to be elected save only such as are to be voted for by the voters of the State at large. In case of a first general election to be held in a newly established election district, county, city or other political division, the number of fifty signatures to a petition shall be sufficient to nominate a candidate to be voted for only in such election district, county, city or other political division. A candidate shall be permitted to sign or circulate, or both sign and circulate, the petition required to nominate that candidate for elective public office. Amended 1948, c.438, s.6; 2010, c.68, s.1. NJSA 19:13-6 Signing of petition; addresses Every voter signing a petition shall add to his signature his place of residence, post-office address and street number, if any. Such voter may sign one petition for each officer and no more, but all the names need not be signed to one petition. NJSA 19:13-7 Certification of petition Before any petition shall be filed as hereinafter provided, the person who circulates the petition, or a candidate who signs or circulates, or both signs and circulates, such a petition, shall make oath by affidavit before a duly qualified officer that the petition is made in good faith, that the affiant personally circulated the petition and saw all the signatures made thereto and verily believes that the signers are duly qualified voters. The person who circulates the petition shall not be required to be a registered voter, but shall be voter eligible, which means at least 18 years of age, a resident of this State, a citizen of the United States, and not otherwise disqualified under the New Jersey Constitution. Amended 1973, c.135; 2010, c.68, s.2; 2014, c.83, s.1. NJSA 19:13-8 Candidate nominated by petition, conditions for acceptance of nomination A candidate nominated for an office in a petition shall manifest his acceptance of such nomination by a written acceptance thereof, signed by his hand, upon or annexed to such petition, to which shall be annexed the oath of allegiance prescribed in section 41:1-1 of the Revised Statutes duly taken and subscribed by him before an officer authorized to take oaths in this State, or if the same person be named for the same office in more than one petition, annexed to one of such petitions. Such acceptance shall certify that the candidate is a resident of and a legal voter in the jurisdiction of the office for which the nomination is made. No candidate so named shall sign such acceptance if he has signed an acceptance for the primary nomination or any other petition of nomination under this chapter for such office. In addition, no candidate named in a petition for the office of member of the House of Representatives shall sign an acceptance if the candidate has signed an acceptance for the primary nomination or any other petition of nomination for the office of member of the House of Representatives in another congressional district in the same calendar year. Each candidate filing an acceptance of nomination for election to the office of Governor or the office of member of the Senate or General Assembly shall annex to such petitions a statement signed by the candidate that he or she: a.has not been convicted of any offense graded by Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes as a crime of the first, second, third or fourth degree, or any offense in any other jurisdiction which, if committed in this State, would constitute such a crime; or b.has been so convicted, in which case, the candidate shall disclose on the statement the crime for which convicted, the date and place of the conviction and the penalties imposed for the conviction. Such a candidate may, as an alternative, submit with the statement a copy of an official document that provides such information. If the candidate has been convicted of more than one criminal offense, such information about each conviction shall be provided. Records expunged pursuant to chapter 52 of Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes shall not be subject to disclosure. If the same person is nominated for the same office in more than one petition, the statement shall be annexed to one of such petitions. Amended 1949, c.24, s.2; 1998, c.147, s.1; 2004, c.26, s.1. NJSA 19:13-8.1 Petitions filed after deadline; ineligible candidates 7. No petition for direct nomination, including a petition filed pursuant to R.S. 19:13-19, which, for any reason, is filed after the deadline established in R.S. 19:13-9 shall nominate to any elective public office a candidate who unsuccessfully sought the nomination of a political party to that office in the primary election held in the same calendar year and no unsuccessful primary candidate shall sign an acceptance of such a petition for direct nomination. L. 1998, c. 147, s. 7. NJSA 19:13-9 Filing of petitions, time All such petitions and acceptances thereof shall be filed with the officer or officers to whom they are addressed before 4:00 p.m. of the day of the holding of the primary election for the general election in this Title provided. All petitions when filed shall be open under proper regulations for public inspection. Notwithstanding the above provision, all petitions and acceptances thereof nominating electors of candidates for President and Vice President of the United States, which candidates have not been nominated at a convention of a political party as defined by this Title, shall be filed with the Secretary of State before 4:00 p.m. of the 99th day preceding the general election in this Title provided. All petitions when filed shall be opened under proper regulations for public inspection. The officer or officers shall transmit to the Election Law Enforcement Commission the names of all candidates, other than candidates for federal office, nominated by petition and any other information required by the commission in the form and manner prescribed by the commission and shall notify the commission immediately upon the withdrawal of a petition of nomination. Amended 1948, c.2, s.17; 1956, c.53, s.1; 1983, c.579, s.2; 1984, c.12, s.2; 1985, c.92, s.7; 1989, c.70, s.1; 1998, c.147, s.2. NJSA 19:13-10 Objection to petition 19:13-10. Every petition of nomination in apparent conformity with the provisions of this Title shall be deemed to be valid, unless objection thereto be duly made in writing and filed with the officer with whom the original petition was filed not later than 4:00 p.m. of the fourth day after the last day for filing of petitions. If such objection is made, notice thereof signed by such officer shall forthwith be mailed to the candidate who may be affected thereby, addressed to the candidate at the candidate's place of residence as given in the petition of nomination. Amended by L. 1985, c. 92, s. 8, eff. March 26, 1985; 2022, c.7, s.1. NJSA 19:13-11 Determination of validity of objections The officer with whom the original petition was filed shall in the first instance pass upon the validity of such objection in a summary way unless an order shall be made in the matter by a court of competent jurisdiction and for this purpose such officer shall have power to subpoena witnesses and take testimony or depositions. He shall file his determination in writing in his office on or before the ninth day after the last day for the filing of petitions, which determination shall be open for public inspection. In the case of petitions nominating electors of candidates for President and Vice President of the United States, which candidates have not been nominated at a convention of a political party as defined by this Title, the Secretary of State shall file his or her determination in writing in his or her office on or before the 93rd day before the general election, which determination shall be open for public inspection. Amended 1942, c.50, s.1; 1948, c.2, s.18; 1985, c.92, s.9; 1989, c.70, s.2; 1998, c.147, s.3; 2011, c.37, s.1. NJSA 19:13-12 Judicial hearing Any judge of the Superior Court, in the case of candidates to be voted for by the electors of the entire State or of more than one county thereof, and in all other cases a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county in which any petition of nomination shall be filed, on the application or complaint, duly verified, of any candidate, which application or complaint shall be made on or before the twelfth day after the last day for the filing of petitions, setting forth any invasion or threatened invasion of his rights under the petition of nomination filed with the Secretary of State or with any county clerk, shall hear such application or complaint in a summary way and make such order thereon as will protect and enforce the rights of such candidates, which order or determination shall be filed within three days after the filing of the application or complaint. Notwithstanding the above provision, in the case of a nomination petition or petitions for electors of candidates for President and Vice President of the United States, which candidates have not been nominated at a convention of a political party as defined by this Title, any judge of the Superior Court, on the application or complaint, duly verified, of any candidate, which application or complaint shall be made at least 95 days before the general election, setting forth any invasion or threatened invasion of his or her rights under the petition of nomination filed with the Secretary of State, shall hear such application or complaint in a summary way and make such order thereon as will protect and enforce the rights of such candidates, which order or determination shall be filed within three days after the filing of the application or complaint. Amended 1942, c.50, s.1a; 1953, c.19, s.14; 1985, c.92, s.10; 1989, c.70, s.3; 1998, c.147, s.4. NJSA 19:13-13 Amendment of petitions; time A candidate whose petition of nomination, or any affidavit or affidavits thereto, is defective may cause such petition, or the affidavit or affidavits thereto, to be amended in matters of substance or of form as may be necessary, but not to add signatures, or such amendment or amendments may be made by filing a new or substitute petition, or affidavit or affidavits, and the same when so amended shall be of the same effect as if originally filed in such amended form; but every amendment shall be made on or before the third day after the last day for the filing of petitions. This provision shall be liberally construed to protect the interest of candidates. Notwithstanding the above provision, in the case of nomination petitions for electors for candidates for President and Vice President of the United States, which candidates have not been nominated at a convention of a political party as defined by this Title, every statutorily authorized amendment shall be made on or before the 93rd day before the general election. Amended 1948, c.2, s.19; 1985, c.92, s.11; 1989, c.70, s.4; 1998, c.147, s.5; 2011, c.37, s.2. NJSA 19:13-14 Procedure; highest aggregate of votes to determine party candidates The nomination of candidates for the general election by means of the primary election shall be carried out in the manner hereinafter provided, and in such election the person having in the aggregate the highest number of votes shall be the candidate of his respective party for the office to be filled. In case more than one person is to be elected to the same or similar office, the persons having the highest number of votes to the extent of the number of offices to be filled shall be the candidates of their respective parties for such offices. NJSA 19:13-14.1 Primary candidate for municipal office may not serve as other political party candidate in general election 3. A person whose name appears on the ballot at a primary election for the general election as a candidate for nomination by a political party for any municipal office shall not be eligible to serve as the candidate of any other political party for that office in that municipality at the general election following that primary. L.1990,c.57,s.3; amended 2005, c.136, s.20. NJSA 19:13-15 Presidential and vice presidential electors; certificate of nomination, acceptance In presidential years the State committee of a political party shall meet at the call of its chairman, within 1 week following the closing of the party's national convention, for the purpose of nominating candidates for electors of President and Vice-President of the United States and shall certify such nomination in a written or printed or partly written and partly printed certificate of nomination. The certificate of nomination shall contain the name of each person nominated, his residence and post-office address, the office for which he is named, and shall also contain in not more than 3 words the designation of the party the nominating body represents. The names of the candidates for President and Vice-President for whom such electors are to vote may be included in the certificate. The State committee may also appoint a committee to whom shall be delegated the power to fill vacancies occurring prior to the election of the electors, howsoever caused, and the names and addresses of such committee shall be included in the certificate. The certificate shall be signed by the State chairman who shall make oath before an officer authorized to administer the same that he is the State chairman of the political party and that the certificate and statements therein contained are true to the best of his knowledge and belief. A certificate that such oath has been taken shall be made and signed by the officer administering the same and indorsed upon or attached to the certificate of nomination. Inclosed upon or attached to the certificate shall be statements in writing that the persons named therein accept such nominations and the oath of allegiance prescribed in section 41:1-1 of the Revised Statutes duly taken and subscribed by each or all of them before an officer or officers authorized to take oaths in this State. The certificate of nomination and the acceptance thereof shall be filed with the Secretary of State not later than 1 week after the nomination of such electors of President and Vice-President of the United States. The procedure for all objections to the certificates of nomination, the determination of the validity of such objections, the correction of defective certificates, and the presentation of such certificates and any documents attached thereto, shall be the same as herein provided for direct petitions of nominations. Amended 1944, c.157; 1949, c.24, ss.3,12; 1968, c.87, s.1; 2007, c.334, s.2. NJSA 19:13-16 Declined nomination When a person nominated as herein provided by direct petition or State convention for election to public office at the general election shall, at least 81 days before the day of the general election, in a writing signed by him and duly acknowledged, notify the officer with whom the original petition or certificate of nomination was filed that he declines the nomination, the nomination shall be void. amended 1942, c.50, s.2; 1985, c.92, s.12; 2013, c.172, s.4; 2023, c.124, s.1. NJSA 19:13-17 Notice of declination to signers of petition or committees to fill vacancies The officer to whom the notification of declination is given shall forthwith, by mail or otherwise, inform at least 5 of the persons who signed the original petition that such nomination has been declined; except that in the case of the nomination of electors of President and Vice-President of the United States by the State committee of a political party he shall inform the committee appointed by the State committee to fill vacancies, or if there be no such committee, the chairman of the State committee. Amended by L.1968, c. 87, s. 2; eff. June 21, 1968. NJSA 19:13-18 In general When a person so declines his nomination, or if a petition or certificate of nomination, or if any nomination, be insufficient or inoperative, or if a nominee shall die, or for any reason vacate his nomination, the vacancy so occasioned may be filled in the manner outlined in the succeeding sections. NJSA 19:13-19 Nomination of successor If the candidate vacating the nomination was nominated directly by petition his successor shall be nominated in the same manner by direct petition, which new petition of nomination must be filed with the Secretary of State or county clerk, as the case may require, not later than 75 days before the day of election whereat such candidate is to be voted for. amended 1942, c.50, s.3; 1985, c.92, s.13; 2011, c.37, s.3; 2023, c.124, s.2. NJSA 19:13-20 Vacancy procedure In the event of a vacancy, howsoever caused, among candidates nominated at a primary election for the general election, which vacancy shall occur not later than the 70th day before the general election, or in the event of inability to select a candidate because of a tie vote at such primary, a candidate shall be selected in the following manner: a. (1) In the case of an office to be filled by the voters of the entire State, the candidate shall be selected by the State committee of the political party wherein such vacancy has occurred. (2) In the case of an office to be filled by the voters of a single and entire county, the candidate shall be selected by the county committee in such county of the political party wherein such vacancy has occurred. (3) In the case of an office to be filled by the voters of a portion of the State comprising all or part of two or more counties, the candidate shall be selected by those members of the county committees of the party wherein the vacancy has occurred who represent those portions of the respective counties which are comprised in the district from which the candidate is to be elected. (4) In the case of an office to be filled by the voters of a portion of a single county, the candidate shall be selected by those members of the county committee of the party wherein the vacancy has occurred who represent those portions of the county which are comprised in the district from which the candidate is to be elected. At any meeting held for the selection of a candidate under this subsection, a majority of the persons eligible to vote thereat shall be required to be present for the conduct of any business, and no person shall be entitled to vote at that meeting who is appointed to the State committee or county committee after the seventh day preceding the date of the meeting. Within 20 days after the meeting of each county committee that is held on the first Tuesday following the primary election at which committee members are elected, the municipal clerk shall certify to the county clerk an official list of the duly elected county committee members and an official list of the municipal committee chairs. The county party chairperson shall have a continuing duty to report to the county clerk any vacancies, resignations, and committee positions filled pursuant to R.S.19:5-2 or 19 :5-3. A report of a resignation shall be accompanied by a notarized letter of resignation signed by the resigning committee member or, if the resigning committee member fails to provide such a letter, by a notarized letter stating that the resignation has occurred signed by the chair of the relevant municipal committee who shall also provide a copy thereof to the resigning member. Notice of vacancies in the membership of a county committee that are filled pursuant to R.S.19:5-2 or 19 :5-3 shall be accompanied by a certificate of acceptance signed by the newly selected member. The official list of the county committee members and of the municipal committee chairs maintained by the county clerk shall be deemed to be a government record and only those county committee members listed thereon seven days prior to a selection to fill a vacancy and otherwise qualified to vote on the vacancy shall be entitled to vote on filling a vacancy pursuant to this section. In addition, every person appointed to the county committee shall file with the county clerk a certificate of acceptance which shall be preserved by the county clerk as a government record. In the case of a meeting held to select a candidate for other than a Statewide office, the chairperson of the meeting shall be chosen by majority vote of the persons present and entitled to vote thereat. The chairperson so chosen may propose rules to govern the determination of credentials and the procedures under which the meeting shall be conducted, and those rules shall be adopted upon a majority vote of the persons entitled to vote upon the selection. If a majority vote is not obtained for those rules, the delegates shall determine credentials and conduct the business of the meeting under such other rules as may be adopted by a majority vote. All contested votes taken at the selection meeting, as referenced in subsections a. and b. of this section, shall be by secret ballot in a location or manner that protects the anonymity of the person's vote. b. (1) Whenever in accordance with subsection a. of this section members of two or more county committees are empowered to select a candidate to fill a vacancy, it shall be the responsibility of the chairpersons of said county committees, acting jointly not later in any case than the seventh day following the occurrence of the vacancy, to give notice to each of the members of their respective committees, as certified by the county clerk, who are so empowered of the date, time and place of the meeting at which the selection will be made, that meeting to be held at least one day following the date on which the notice is given. (2) Whenever in accordance with the provisions of subsection a. of this section members of a county committee are empowered to select a candidate to fill a vacancy, it shall be the responsibility of the chairperson of such county committee, not later in any case than the seventh day following the occurrence of the vacancy, to give notice to each of the members of the committee, as certified by the county clerk, who are so empowered of the date, time and place of the meeting at which the selection will be made, that meeting to be held at least one day following the date on which the notice is given. (3) A county committee chairperson or chairpersons who call a meeting pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) of this subsection shall not be entitled to vote upon the selection of a candidate at such meeting unless he or she or they are so entitled pursuant to subsection a. (4) Whenever in accordance with the provisions of subsection a. of this section the State committee of a political party is empowered to select a candidate to fill a vacancy, it shall be the responsibility of the chairperson of that State committee to give notice to each of the members of the committee of the date, time and place of the meeting at which the selection will be made, that meeting to be held at least one day following the date on which the notice is given. c. Whenever a selection is to be made pursuant to this section to fill a vacancy resulting from inability to select a candidate because of a tie vote at a primary election for the general election, the selection shall be made from among those who have thus received the same number of votes at the primary. d. A selection made pursuant to this section shall be made not later than the 68th day preceding the date of the general election, and a statement of such selection shall be filed with the Secretary of State or the appropriate county clerk, as the case may be, not later than that day, and in the following manner: (1) A selection made by a State committee of a political party shall be certified to the Secretary of State by the State chairperson of the political party. (2) A selection made by a county committee of a political party, or a portion of the members thereof, shall be certified to the county clerk of the county by the county chairperson of such political party; except that when such selection is of a candidate for the Senate or General Assembly or the United States House of Representatives the county chairperson shall certify the selection to the State chairperson of such political party, who shall certify the same to the Secretary of State. (3) A selection made by members of two or more county committees of a political party acting jointly shall be certified by the chairpersons of said committees, acting jointly, to the State chairperson of such political party, who shall certify the same to the Secretary of State. e. A statement filed pursuant to subsection d. of this section shall state the residence and post office address of the person so selected, and shall certify that the person so selected is qualified under the laws of this State to be a candidate for such office, and is a member of the political party filling the vacancy. Accompanying the statement, the person endorsed therein shall file a certificate stating that he or she is qualified under the laws of this State to be a candidate for the office mentioned in the statement, that he or she consents to stand as a candidate at the ensuing general election and that he or she is a member of the political party named in said statement, and further that he or she is not a member of, or identified with, any other political party or any political organization espousing the cause of candidates of any other political party, to which shall be annexed the oath of allegiance prescribed in R.S.41:1-1 duly taken and subscribed by him or her before an officer authorized to take oaths in this State. The person so selected shall be the candidate of the party for such office at the ensuing general election. Each candidate for the office of Governor or the office of member of the Senate or General Assembly filing a certification shall annex thereto a statement signed by the candidate that he or she: (1) has not been convicted of any offense graded by Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes as a crime of the first, second, third or fourth degree, or any offense in any other jurisdiction which, if committed in this State, would constitute such a crime; or (2) has been so convicted, in which case, the candidate shall disclose on the statement the crime for which convicted, the date and place of the conviction and the penalties imposed for the conviction. Such a candidate may, as an alternative, submit with the statement a copy of an official document that provides such information. If the candidate has been convicted of more than one criminal offense, such information about each conviction shall be provided. Records expunged pursuant to chapter 52 of Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes shall not be subject to disclosure. amended 1942, c.50, s.4; 1945, c.263; 1948, c.261; 1949, c.24, ss.4,12; 1972, c.181, s.1; 1981, c.346, s.1; 1985, c.92, s.14; 1988, c.126, s.1; 2004, c.26, s.2; 2005, c.136, s.21; 2009, c.135, s.5; 2011, c.37, s.4; 2023, c.124, s.3. NJSA 19:13-20.1 Candidate vacancy not filled If there is no candidate on the primary election ballot of a political party for nomination for election to a public office in the general election and no write-in candidate for nomination for that office receives the minimum number of write-in votes necessary for nomination at a primary election pursuant to section 1 of P.L.1981, c.264 (C.19:14-2.1) and R.S.19:23-8, a vacancy shall not be deemed to exist and the provisions of R.S.19:13-20 shall not be applicable. L.1990,c.56,s.1. NJSA 19:13-21 Candidate for Presidential elector If the nomination vacated is that of a candidate for elector of the President and Vice-President of the United States, the vacancy shall be filled by the committee to whom power shall have been delegated to fill vacancies if such there be, otherwise by the State committee of the political party which nominated the elector whose nomination is vacated. The chairman and secretary of the vacancy committee or State committee shall file with the Secretary of State on or before the 54th day prior to the general election a certificate of nomination for filling the vacancy. This certificate shall be made and filed in the same manner and form as heretofore provided for filling vacancies among candidates nominated at the primary and there shall be annexed thereto the oath of allegiance prescribed in section 41:1-1 of the Revised Statutes duly taken and subscribed by the person so nominated before an officer authorized to take oaths in this State. Amended 1942, c.50, s.5; 1949, c.24, ss.5,12; 1968, c.87, s.3; 1985, c.92, s.15; 2011, c.37, s.5. NJSA 19:13-22 Secretary of State; statement to county clerks of nominations, vacancies 19:13-22. a. The Secretary of State, not later than 99 days, and with respect to candidates for President and Vice President of the United States not later than 88 days, before any election whereat any candidates nominated in any direct petition or primary certificate of nomination or State convention certificate filed with the Secretary of State are to be voted for, shall make and certify, under the Secretary's hand and seal of office, and forward to the clerks of the several counties of the State, and post on the Secretary's website, a statement of all such candidates for whom the voters within such county may be by law entitled to vote at such election. This statement shall contain the names and residences of all candidates, the offices for which they are respectively nominated, and the names of the parties by which or the political appellation under which they are respectively nominated. Candidates nominated directly by petition, without distinctive political appellation, shall be certified as independent candidates. Similar statements shall be made, certified and forwarded, when vacancies are filled subsequently, according to law. b. The Secretary of State shall certify and forward the statement required by subsection a. of this section no later than the fourth Friday in June following a primary election for the candidates for the office of Governor for whom the voters may be by law entitled to vote at the next subsequent general election. The statement shall include the information required by subsection a. of this section. Candidates nominated directly by petition for the office of Governor, without distinctive political appellation, shall be certified as independent candidates at the same time as candidates nominated for the office of Governor at a primary election are certified by the Secretary of State. Similar statements shall be made, certified and forwarded, when vacancies are filled subsequently, according to law. Amended 1942, c.50, s.6; 1948, c.2, s.20; 1977, c.431, s.2; 2009, c.66, s.33; 2022, c.15, s.2. NJSA 19:13-23 Secretary of state to county clerks of vacancy nominations; contents In the event of vacancies among the candidates whose petitions or certificate of nomination are on file with him, the Secretary of State in certifying the nominations of candidates to fill such vacancies to the various county clerks shall insert the name of the person who has been nominated as herein provided to fill the vacancy. In the event that he has already sent forward his certificate of nomination, as herein provided, he shall forthwith certify to the clerks of the proper counties the name and description of the person so nominated to fill a vacancy, the office he is nominated for, the party or political principle he represents, and the name of the person for whom such nominee is submitted. Amended by L.1942, c. 50, p. 281, s. 6a. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:14 NJSA 19:14-1 Copy for printer Every county clerk shall have ready for the printer on or before the 60th day prior to the primary election and on or before the 64th day prior to the general election a copy of the contents of official ballots as hereinafter required to be printed for use at such election. The county clerk shall also on or before that time place another copy of such contents on file in the county clerk's office and keep the same open to public inspection until the sample ballots hereinafter provided to be printed shall have been distributed. amended 1985, c.92, s.16; 2011, c.37, s.6; 2022, c.70, s.1; 2023, c.16, s.5. NJSA 19:14-2 Contents; names of candidates; public questions There shall be a single or blanket form of ballot, upon which shall be printed the names of all the candidates of every party or group of petitioners having candidates to be voted for at such election. The name of a candidate nominated at the primary who shall fail to accept his nomination, or file the oath of allegiance executed, in the manner herein provided shall not be printed on the ballot. The name of a candidate whose nomination has been vacated as hereinbefore provided shall not be printed on the ballot. The name of a candidate shall appear but once upon the ballot for the same office. Except as to the requirements of section 19:14-15 of this Title as to State-wide propositions, any public question which is to be submitted to the people of the State, county or municipality at the general election, shall be printed in a separate space at the foot of the ballot with appropriate instructions to the voter. Amended by L.1949, c. 24, p. 75, s. 6. NJSA 19:14-2.1 Inclusion on general election ballot of candidate with votes in primary by irregular ballot or write-in vote; requirements The name of a person for whom votes are cast by irregular ballot or by write-in vote in a primary election to nominate candidates for elective office shall not be included on the ballot at the general election unless he received a number of irregular ballots or write-in votes for that office at the primary election at least equal to the number of signatures required on a petition to place upon the primary election ballot the name of a candidate for that office, pursuant to R.S. 19:23-8. L.1981, c. 264, s. 1, eff. Aug. 14, 1981. NJSA 19:14-3 Detachable coupon; printing thereon Each ballot shall have at the top a detachable coupon the width of the ballot above a perforated line not less than two inches from and parallel to the upper edge of the paper. These coupons shall be numbered consecutively from one to the number of ballots delivered to and received by the member or members of the district board for their respective election district. Upon the coupon and above the perforated line shall be the words: "Ballot No. (number in figures)" as near the center of the coupon as may be practical, and below said number, and above perforated line shall be printed the following words: "To be torn off by the member of the board of registry and election in charge of the ballot box on election day." "Fold to this line." NJSA 19:14-4 Official elections; ballots; specifications. In the center of the ballot immediately below the perforated line shall be printed in bold-faced type the words "Official general election ballot." Below these words and extending across the ballot shall appear the words: "Name of (municipality), ...................... ward, .................... school district (if applicable), ........................fire district (if applicable),...................... election district, ...................... date of election, .................. John Doe, county clerk." The blank spaces shall be filled in with the name of the proper municipality, the ward and district numbers and the date of the election. For school and fire district elections, the name of the school district or the name and number of the fire district, and of the municipality or municipalities comprising the district, shall also be indicated thereon. The name of the county clerk shall be a facsimile of his signature. Below the last stated words extending across the ballot and at the extreme left shall be printed the words "Instructions to the voter," and immediately to the right there shall be a bracket embracing the following instructions numbered consecutively: (1) The only kind of a mark to be made on this ballot in voting shall be a cross x, plus + or check ?. (2) To mark a cross x, plus +, check ? or when writing a name on this ballot use only ink or pencil. (3) To vote for any candidates whose names are printed in any column, mark a cross x, plus + or check ? in the square at the left of the names of such candidates not in excess of the number to be elected to the office. (4) To vote for any person whose name is not printed on this ballot, write or paste the name of such person under the proper title of office in the column designated personal choice and mark a cross x, plus + or check ? in the square to the left of the name so written or pasted. (5) To vote upon any public question printed on this ballot if in favor thereof, mark a cross x, plus + or check ? in the square at the left of the word "Yes," and if opposed thereto, mark a cross x, plus + or check ? in the square at the left of the word "No." (6) Do not mark this ballot in any other manner than above provided for and make no erasures. Should this ballot be wrongly marked, defaced, torn or any erasure made thereon or otherwise rendered unfit for use return it and obtain another. In presidential years, the following instructions shall be printed upon the general election ballot: (7) To vote for all the electors of any party, mark a cross x, plus + or check ? in ink or pencil in the square at the left of the surnames of the candidates for president and vice-president for whom you desire to vote. Below the above-stated instructions and information and, except when compliance with R.S.19:14-13 as to Statewide propositions otherwise requires, three inches below the perforated line and parallel to it, there shall be printed a six-point diagram rule extending across the ballot to within not less than a half inch to the right and left edges of the paper. Amended 1941, c.166, s.2; 1947, c.104, s.1; 1994, c.77, s.6; 1995, c.278, s.17; 2011, c.202, s.26; 2017, c.206, s.3. NJSA 19:14-5 Printing body of ballot From each end of such six-point diagram rule there shall be printed a four-point diagram rule extending at right angles and from such six-point rule to within not less than a half inch of the lower edge of the paper. Between these four-point rules and parallel to them and beginning at the six-point rule there shall be printed eight-point diagram rules to divide the ballot into vertical columns. NJSA 19:14-6 Column designations; accompanying instructions In each column, immediately below the six-point rule, shall be printed the proper word or words to designate the column, to be known as the "column designation." In the columns at the extreme left shall be printed the name of each of the political parties which made nominations at the next preceding primary election every year, directly under which shall appear the words "to vote for any candidate whose name appears in the column below, mark a cross x, plus + or check in the square at the left of the name of such candidate. Do not vote for more candidates than are to be elected to any office." Such columns shall be three inches in width. The column next to the right of such columns shall be designated "personal choice, "under which shall appear the words" in the blank column below, under the proper title of office, the voter may write or paste the name of any person for whom he desires to vote, whose name is not printed on this ballot, and shall mark a cross x, plus + or check in the square at the left of such name. Do not vote for more candidates than are to be elected to any office." There shall also be the same instructions regarding electors of president and vice-president which now appear at the head of all other columns. This column shall be four inches in width. The remaining column or columns, as the case may be, shall each be designated "Nomination by Petition," under which shall be printed the words "to vote for any candidate whose name appears in the column below mark a cross x, plus + or check in the square at the left of the name of such candidate. Do not vote for more candidates than are to be elected to any office." These columns shall be four inches in width. Below the column designations and accompanying instructions and not more than one and one-half inches below the six-point diagram rule and parallel thereto, shall be printed a six-point diagram rule extending across the entire ballot from one four point rule to the other. Amended 1947, c.104, s.2; 2005, c.136, s.22; 2011, c.134, s.20 . NJSA 19:14-7 Printed rulings on ballot Below such six-point rule and parallel thereto, extending across the entire ballot from one four-point rule to the other, shall be printed two-point hair line rules approximately five-sixteenths inch and not over twenty-four points apart of a number sufficient to meet the requirements of the party columns. In place of the last two-point hair line rule there shall be printed a six-point diagram rule, extending across the entire ballot from one four-point rule to the other, at which the eight-point diagram rules dividing the ballot into vertical columns shall terminate. NJSA 19:14-8 Arrangement of ballots. In the columns of each of the political parties which made nominations at the next preceding primary election to the general election and in the personal choice column, within the space between the two-point hair line rules, there shall be printed the title of each office to be filled at such election, except as hereinafter provided. Such titles of office shall be arranged in the following order: electors of President and Vice-President of the United States; member of the United States Senate; Governor; member of the House of Representatives; member of the State Senate; members of the General Assembly; county executive, in counties that have adopted the county executive plan of the "Optional County Charter Law," P.L.1972, c.154 (C.40:41A-1 et seq.); sheriff; county clerk; surrogate; register of deeds and mortgages; county supervisor; members of the board of chosen freeholders; coroners; mayor and members of municipal governing bodies, and any other titles of office. Candidates for members of a school board and for members of a board of fire commissioners shall be listed in a section of the ballot that is separate from the section featuring other candidates whenever possible in a layout at the discretion of the county clerk. Above each of such titles of office, except the one at the top, shall be printed a two-point diagram rule in place of the two-point hair line rule. Below the titles of such offices shall be printed the names of the candidates for the offices. The arrangement of the names of candidates for any office for which more than one are to be elected shall be determined in the manner hereinafter provided, as in the case of candidates nominated by petition. When no nomination for an office has been made the words "No Nomination Made" in type large enough to fill the entire space or spaces below the title of office shall be printed upon the ballot. Immediately to the left of the name of each candidate, at the extreme left of each column, including the personal choice column, shall be printed a square, one-quarter of an inch in size, formed by two-point diagram rules. In the personal choice column no names of candidates shall be printed. To the right of the title of each office in the party columns and the personal choice column shall be printed the words "Vote for," inserting in words the number of persons to be elected to such office. Amended 1951, c.315, s.1; 1995, c.191, s.1; 2005, c.136, s.23; 2011, c.134, s.21; 2011, c.202, s.27; 2017, c.206, s.4. NJSA 19:14-8.1 Ballots for presidential electors When Presidential Electors are to be elected, their names shall not be printed upon the ballot, either paper or voting machine, but in lieu thereof, the names of the candidates of their respective parties or political bodies for President and Vice-President of the United States shall be printed together in pairs under the title "Presidential Electors for." All ballots marked for the candidates for President and Vice-President of a party or political body, shall be counted as votes for each candidate for Presidential Elector of such party or political body. L.1944, c. 16, p. 41, s. 1. NJSA 19:14-9 Duplicate nominations for same office; selection of column and designation A candidate who receives more than one nomination for the same office, either from more than one political party or from more than one group of petitioners, or from one or more political parties and one or more groups of petitioners, shall have his name printed on the official general election ballot in only one column to be selected by him from among the columns to which his nominations entitle him, and shall have such designations after his name as he shall select, consisting of the names of the political parties nominating him, with the words "Indorsed By" , if he so desires, and the several designations to which he is entitled by the other nominations, if any, and printed in such order as he shall select. The candidate shall file with the secretary of state or county clerk, as the case may be, his selection of his column, and the designations to follow his name and their order. Unless such selection is so filed within seven days after the primary election, the secretary of state or county clerk, as the case may be, shall determine in what column and with what designations his name shall be printed. The designations shall be printed in small type, and if necessary, in several lines or in a line below his name and may be abbreviated. NJSA 19:14-10 Nominations by petition. In the column or columns designated as nominations by petition, within the space between the two-point hair line rules, there shall be printed the title of each office for which nominations by petition have been made. Such titles of office shall be arranged in the following order: electors of President and Vice-President of the United States; member of the United States Senate; Governor and Lieutenant Governor; member of the House of Representatives; member of the State Senate; members of the General Assembly; county executive, in counties that have adopted the county executive plan of the "Optional County Charter Law," P.L.1972, c.154 (C.40:41A-1 et seq.); sheriff; county clerk; surrogate; register of deeds and mortgages; county supervisor; members of the board of chosen freeholders; coroners; mayor and members of municipal governing bodies; members of the school board, when appropriate; members of the board of fire commissioners, when appropriate; and any other titles of office. Above each of the titles of office, except the one on the top, shall be printed a two-point diagram rule in place of the two-point hair line rule. Below the titles of each of the offices shall be printed the names of each of the candidates for each of such offices followed by the designation or designations mentioned in the petitions filed. Immediately to the left of the name of each candidate, at the extreme left of the column, shall be printed a square, one-quarter of an inch in size formed by two-point diagram rules. The names of candidates for any office for which more than one are to be elected shall be arranged in groups as presented in the several certificates of nominations or petitions, which groups shall be separated from other groups and candidates by two two-point hair line rules. To the right of the title of each office shall be printed the words "Vote for" inserting in words the number of candidates to be elected to such office. Amended 1951, c.315, s.2; 1995, c.191, s.2; 2009, c.66, s.3; 2011, c.202, s.28; 2017, c.206, s.5. NJSA 19:14-12 Procedure for determining position on ballot The county clerk shall draw lots in his county to determine which columns the political parties which made nominations at the next preceding primary election shall occupy on the ballot in the county. The name of the party first drawn shall occupy the first column at the left of the ballot, and the name of the party next drawn shall occupy the second column, and so forth. The position which the names of candidates, and bracketed groups of names of candidates nominated by petitions for all offices, shall have upon the general election ballot, shall be determined by the county clerks in their respective counties. The manner of drawing the lots shall be as follows: paper slips with the names of each political party written thereon, shall be placed in capsules of the same size, shape, color and substance and then placed in a covered box with an aperture in the top large enough to admit a man's hand and to allow the capsules to be drawn therefrom. The box shall be well shaken and turned over to thoroughly intermingle the capsules. The county clerk or his deputy shall at his office, draw from the box each capsule separately without knowledge on his part as to which capsule he is drawing. The person making the drawing shall open the capsule and shall make public announcement at the drawing of each name, the order in which name is drawn and the office for which the drawing is made. Where there is but one person to be elected to an office, the names of the several candidates who have filed petitions for such office shall be written upon paper slips and placed in separate capsules of the same size, shape, color and substance. The capsules shall be placed in a covered box with an aperture in the top large enough to admit a man's hand and to allow the capsules to be drawn therefrom. The box shall be turned and shaken thoroughly to mix the capsules and the capsules shall be withdrawn one at a time. When there is more than one person to be elected to an office where petitions have designated that certain candidates shall be bracketed, the position of such bracketed names on the ballot (each bracketed group to be treated as a single name), together with individuals who have filed petitions for such office, shall be determined as above described. Any legal voter of the county or municipality, as the case may be, shall have the privilege of witnessing the drawing. The name or names of the candidate or bracketed group of candidates first drawn from the box shall be printed directly below the proper title of the office for which they were nominated, and the name or names of the candidate or bracketed group of candidates next drawn shall be printed next in order, and so on, until the last name or bracketed group of names shall be drawn from the box. The arrangement of names of any bracketed group of candidates for any office for which more than one are to be elected shall be printed in the same order on the ballot as they were arranged on the petition of nomination. The drawing for the positions which the names of candidates and bracketed groups of names of candidates, nominated by petition for office, and for the columns which the political parties which made nominations at the next preceding primary election and for the general election shall occupy upon the general election ballot, shall be held at 3 o'clock in the afternoon of the eighty-fifth day prior to the day of the general election. Amended 1942, c.50, s.7; 1948, c.2, s.21; 1949, c.207; 1968, c.226, s.1; 1977, c.431, s.1; 2005, c.136, s.24; 2011, c.134, s.22. NJSA 19:14-13 Arrangement of public questions All public questions to be voted upon by the voters of the entire State shall be placed first and shall be printed in the order as certified by the Secretary of State. All public questions to be voted for by the voters of a municipality shall be placed second and shall be printed in the order as determined by the drawing of lots by the county clerk. All public questions to be voted for by the voters of a county shall be placed last and shall be printed in the order as determined by the drawing of lots by the county clerk. The county clerk shall draw lots in substantially the same manner as the drawing is made for the arrangement of candidates' names upon the ballot. Amended by L.1979, c. 191, s. 1, eff. Sept. 13, 1979. NJSA 19:14-14 Public questions at foot of ballot; instructions to voters Immediately below the six-point diagram rule to be printed in place of the last two-point hair line rule across the entire ballot, from one four-point rule to the other, shall be printed as near to the center of the ballot as possible the following words: "Public Questions to be voted upon" . Below these words and above the first public question, beginning one and one-half inches to the right of the four-point rule at the left of the ballot and extending to not more than one and one-half inches from the four-point rule at the right of the ballot, shall be printed in one line, if possible, the following instructions: "To vote upon the Public Questions printed below, if in favor thereof mark a cross x or plus + in the square at the left of the word "Yes', and if opposed thereto, mark a cross x or plus + in the square at the left of the word "No'," underscored with a two-point diagram rule. Below and flush with the left end of said two-point diagram rule shall be printed two separate squares, one under the other, three-eighths of an inch in size formed by two-point diagram rules. Immediately to the right of the upper square shall be printed the word "Yes" , and immediately to the right of the lower square shall be printed the word "No" . To the right of the words "Yes" and "No" shall be printed a bracket embracing these words and to the right of the bracket shall be printed across the ballot, to not nearer than one and one-half inches from the four-point diagram rule at the right of the ballot, each public question to be voted upon. Below each such public question shall be printed two-point diagram rule beginning one and one-half inches to the right of the four-point rule at the left of the ballot and extending to not nearer than one and one-half inches from the four-point rule at the right of the ballot. In place of the last two-point diagram rule there shall be printed a four-point diagram rule extending across the entire ballot not less than a half inch from the lower edge of the paper and terminating at the lower ends of the four-point diagram rules at either side of the ballot. Amended by L.1947, c. 104, p. 522, s. 3; L.1979, c. 191, s. 2, eff. Sept. 13, 1979. NJSA 19:14-16 Style of type, rulings and spacing 19:14-16. The words to be printed on the perforated coupon shall be printed in twelve-point bold-faced capital letters and the figures in eighteen and twenty-two-point bold-faced type. At the head of the ballot the words "Official General Election Ballot" shall be printed in at least thirty-point bold-faced capital letters. The name of municipality, ward, school district, fire district, election district, and date, as appropriate, shall be printed in twelve-point bold-faced capital letters. For a fire district election, the number of the fire district shall also be printed in twelve-point bold-faced capital letters. The words "Instructions to the voter" shall be printed in twelve-point bold-faced capitals and small letters, while the instructions embraced within the brackets shall be printed in eight-point bold-faced capital and small letters. The column designations shall be printed in eighteen-point bold-faced capital letters and the accompanying instructions shall be printed in eight-point capitals and small letters. The titles of office and accompanying instructions shall be printed in ten-point bold-faced capital and small letters. When there is no nomination made at the primary for an office, the title shall be printed in the space where such title should appear, and the words "No Nomination Made" in type large enough to fill the entire space or spaces shall be printed therein. The names of all candidates shall be printed in ten-point capital letters. The designations following the candidates' names in the nomination by petition column or columns shall be printed in ten-point capitals and small letters, except that where they overrun the space within the column the designations may be abbreviated, and all spaces between the two-point hair line rules not occupied by the titles of office and names of candidates shall be printed in with scroll or filling to guide the voter against wrongly marking the ballot. On the foot of the ballot the words "Public Questions to be Voted Upon" shall be printed in eighteen-point bold-faced capital letters. The accompanying instructions shall be printed in eight-point capital and small letters. The public questions to be voted upon shall be printed in ten-point capital and small letters, and the words "Yes" and "No" shall be printed in twelve-point bold-faced capital letters. amended 2011, c.202, s.29; 2017, c.206, s.6. NJSA 19:14-18 Number of ballots on hand Not later than noon of the fifth day preceding the general election the county clerk shall have printed and on hand in his office one and one-fifth times as many official ballots for each election district in each municipality in the county as there are voters registered in such election district. NJSA 19:14-19 Custody of printed ballots The county clerk shall keep such ballots in his custody and be responsible therefor until they shall be delivered to the municipal clerks as hereinafter provided. NJSA 19:14-20 Correction of errors When it shall appear that an error or omission has occurred in the copy prepared by the county clerk for the printer or in the printing of the ballots by any county clerk, any voter resident in the county may present to a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county a verified petition setting forth such error or omission; and such judge being satisfied thereof, shall thereupon summarily, by his order, require the county clerk to correct such error or show cause before the judge at the shortest possible day, why same should not be corrected. The county clerk shall correct the same by causing new ballots to be immediately printed in place of those found to be inaccurate or incomplete; and those found to be inaccurate or incomplete shall be immediately destroyed. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 330, s. 15. NJSA 19:14-21 Preparation; delivery of sample ballots and envelopes to municipal clerk or commissioner of registration The county clerk shall cause samples of the official general election ballot to be printed in English, but for each election district within the county in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, shall cause samples of the official general election ballot to be printed bilingually in English and Spanish. a. In counties not having a superintendent of elections where the county board of elections does not have the equipment or facilities to address and mail sample ballot envelopes, the county clerk not later than noon of the eighth day prior to the start of the early voting period for the general election shall furnish to the municipal clerk of each municipality in his county one and one-tenth times as many such sample ballots and stamped envelopes as there are voters registered, less the number of voters who have been sent a confirmation notice pursuant to subsection d. of R.S.19:31-15 and have not responded, to enable each municipal clerk to mail one of such sample ballots to each voter who is registered in the municipality, except those voters who have been sent a confirmation notice pursuant to subsection d. of R.S.19:31-15 and have not responded, for such election and shall take a receipt for the same from each of the municipal clerks, which receipt shall indicate the number of such sample ballots and stamped envelopes delivered by the county clerk and the date and hour of their delivery. b. In counties having a superintendent of elections, and in other counties where the county board of elections may have the equipment or facilities to prepare a properly stamped envelope addressed to each registered voter in the county for mailing, the county clerk, not later than the eighth day preceding the start of the early voting period for the general election, shall furnish to the commissioner of registration located in his county one and one-tenth times as many stamped envelopes as there are registered voters in the county, less the number of voters who have been sent a confirmation notice pursuant to subsection d. of R.S.19:31-15 and have not responded, and not later than noon of the seventh day preceding the start of the early voting period for the general election shall furnish to the commissioner of registration located in the county, one and one-tenth times as many sample ballots as there are registered voters in the county to enable the commissioner of registration of the county to mail one of such sample ballots to each voter registered in the county, except those voters who have been sent a confirmation notice pursuant to subsection d. of R.S.19:31-15 and have not responded, for such election and shall take a receipt for the same from the commissioner of registration, which receipt shall indicate the number of such sample ballots and stamped envelopes delivered by the county clerk and the date and hour of their delivery. County boards of elections which elect to operate under the provisions of this paragraph shall notify their county clerk in sufficient time to enable him to make the necessary arrangements the first year. c. The county clerk in counties having a superintendent of elections shall also deliver to the county board not later than the seventh day preceding the start of the early voting period for the general election 10 such sample ballots of each election district of each municipality in the county. d. During the early voting period for the general election, the county clerk may provide for the electronic display of sample ballots at each early voting location. If a county clerk elects to provide for the electronic display of sample ballots at each early voting location, at a minimum, the electronic display shall provide the sample ballot in the languages required by Title 19 of the Revised Statutes or federal law as applicable to the county. Amended 1941, c.275, s.1; 1946, c.261, s.1; 1947, c.168, s.3; 1974, c.30, s.2; 2009, c.110, s.1; 2021, c.40, s.10. NJSA 19:14-21.1 Information sent to newly-registered voters for general election 1. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law to the contrary, a voter who registers after the 29th day prior to a general election and who is eligible to participate in that election may be sent, instead of a sample ballot, notice of the voter's polling place, information on where to obtain a sample ballot prior to the election, a statement indicating that a sample ballot will be available at the polling place on the day of the election, and, if applicable, information on a county website where a sample ballot may be viewed. L.2005,c.139,s.1. NJSA 19:14-22 Form and contents; color of paper. The official general election sample ballots shall be as nearly as possible facsimiles of the official general election ballot to be voted at such election and shall have printed thereon, after the words which indicate the number of the election district for which such sample ballots are printed, the name of the school district, when appropriate, the number or name and municipality or municipalities of the fire district, when appropriate, the street address or location of the polling place in the election district, and the hours between which the polls shall be open. Such sample ballots shall be printed on paper different in color from the official general election ballot, and have the following words printed in large type at the top: "This ballot cannot be voted. It is a sample copy of the official general election ballot used on election day." The sample ballot shall also state clearly the days, hours and places at which early voting shall be available in the county. Amended 1959, c.139; 2011, c.202, s.30; 2017, c.206, s.7; 2021, c.40, s.11. NJSA 19:14-23 Envelopes for mailing official general election sample ballots The stamped envelopes shall be of sufficient size and have sufficient postage to enable the official general election sample ballots and anything else required to be enclosed therewith to be mailed therein. On the face of each of the envelopes shall be printed the words "Official General Election Sample Ballot" in large type and in small type in the upper left-hand corner, the words: "If not delivered in two days return to the "Superintendent of Elections' " in counties having a superintendent of elections and to the "Commissioner of Registration" in all other counties and in the lower left-hand corner shall be printed the words "Municipality" followed by a line " ," "Ward" followed by a line " ," and "district" followed by a line " ," arranged in three lines one under the other. Amended by L.1947, c. 168, p. 742, s. 4. NJSA 19:14-24 Delivery by municipal clerks to district boards. The municipal clerk to whom the sample ballots and stamped envelopes have been so delivered by the county clerk shall deliver the same at his office, or in any other way he sees fit, on or before noon of the Tuesday preceding the start of the early voting period for the general election, to a member or members of each district board, and shall take a receipt for the same from the member or members of the district boards of such municipality, which receipt shall indicate the number of sample ballots and stamped envelopes delivered by the municipal clerk and the date and hour of their delivery. Amended 2021, c.40, s.12. NJSA 19:14-25 Mailing by district board or commissioner of registration; county board of elections, duties of In counties not having a superintendent of elections where the county board of elections does not have the equipment or facilities to address and mail sample ballot envelopes, the municipal clerk shall prepare and deposit in the post office, on or before 12 noon on Wednesday preceding the start of the early voting period for the general election, a properly stamped envelope containing a copy of the sample ballot printed in English, addressed to each registered voter in the district of such board at the address shown on the register, except that for districts in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, a properly stamped envelope containing a copy of the bilingual sample ballot, addressed to each registered voter in the district of such board at the address shown on the register shall be prepared and deposited. The board shall also post the appropriate sample ballots in the polling place in its district. The board shall return to the municipal clerk all ballots and envelopes not mailed or posted by it, with a sworn statement in writing signed by a majority of the board that all the remainder of such ballots and envelopes had been mailed. In counties having a superintendent of elections, and in other counties where the county board of elections shall elect to operate under the provisions of subsection b. of section 19:14-21 of this Title, the commissioner of registration shall prepare and deposit in the post office on or before 12:00 o'clock noon, on the Wednesday preceding the start of the early voting period for the general election, a properly stamped envelope containing a copy of the sample ballot printed in English addressed to each registered voter in the county at the address shown on the registry, except that for districts in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, a properly stamped envelope containing a copy of the bilingual sample ballot, addressed to each registered voter in the district of such board at the address shown on the register shall be prepared and deposited. The commissioner of registration shall return to the county clerk all ballots and envelopes not mailed or posted by him, with a sworn statement in writing signed by him that all the remainder of such ballots and envelopes have been mailed. The county board of elections, in all counties having a superintendent of elections, and in other counties where the county board of elections shall elect to operate under the provisions of subsection b. of section 19:14-21 of this Title, shall, not later than the start of the early voting period for the election, deliver to the members of the district board three appropriate sample ballots for their respective election district. The board shall post the appropriate sample ballots in the polling place in its district. Amended 1941, c.275, s.2; 1946, c.261, s.2; 1947, c.168, s.5; 1952, s.61, s.1; 1974, c.30, s.3; 2021, c.40, s.13. NJSA 19:14-25.1 Sample ballot not required to be sent under certain circumstances 9. A county clerk shall not be required to send a sample ballot for any election to a voter who has been sent a mail-in ballot for that election, pursuant to section 3 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-3), and whose voted ballot has been received by the county board of elections prior to the transmission of sample ballots to voters required by R.S.19:14-25. A county may send an acknowledgment to a voter when his or her mail-in ballot has been received by the board. L.2018, c.72, s.9. NJSA 19:14-26 Preservation of envelopes and ballots returned by postmaster The county board, commissioner, or superintendent, as the case may be, shall preserve all envelopes and sample ballots which shall have been mailed by the district boards but returned to it or him by the postmasters of the various municipalities of the county, for the space of six months and the same shall be open to public inspection for the space of three months after the primary or the general or other election, as the case may be. NJSA 19:14-27 Inclusion with sample ballot; other arrangements in certain counties Except as provided by section 19:14-33 of this Title, when any question or proposition shall be submitted to the people of the State at any general election or at any election held to vote on a constitutional amendment, there shall be mailed to each registered voter in the same envelope with the sample ballot a printed copy of the act of the Legislature or constitutional amendment which is so submitted; provided, however, in counties where sample ballots are so folded that they can be mailed to the registrants without being inserted in envelopes, as permitted by section 19:49-4 of this Title, the commissioner of registration shall make such arrangements for mailing the printed copy of the act of the Legislature or constitutional amendment as are practical to enable each registrant to receive a copy thereof. Amended by L.1947, c. 53, p. 188, s. 1. NJSA 19:14-28 Descriptive marks in case of amendments When an amendment to the constitution or to a statute is so mailed, such part thereof as is new and not contained in the existing constitution or statute shall be underscored, and if any portion of the existing law or constitution is to be omitted in the proposed amendment, such portion shall be enclosed in brackets in the printed copies of the existing law or constitution so mailed, and there shall be annexed a note explaining the significance of the brackets and underscoring. NJSA 19:14-29 Relation to statute or constitution made clear When a copy of an act of the legislature is required by section 19:14-27 of this title to be printed and mailed to each registered voter, and such act is an amendment or supplement to a statute of this state, there shall be printed and mailed to each registered voter as hereinbefore provided, in addition to the copy of the act submitted, such portion of the statute to which the same is an amendment or supplement as shall be necessary clearly to disclose to the voter the relation of the act submitted to the existing statute law. When a copy of a constitutional amendment is required by said section 19:14-27 to be printed and mailed, then in addition to the copy of the constitutional amendments submitted, there shall be printed and mailed to each registered voter as hereinbefore provided, such portion of the constitution as shall be necessary clearly to disclose to the voter the relation of the amendment submitted to the existing constitution. NJSA 19:14-30 Attorney general to designate information to be sent When under the provisions of this title it shall be necessary to mail to the voters any portion of the statute law of the state or any portion of the state constitution, the attorney general shall designate by writing filed with the secretary of state what portion of the statute law or state constitution shall be so printed and mailed. NJSA 19:14-31 Summary statement sufficient The attorney general, in place of or in addition to designating any portion of the statute law or state constitution to be so printed and mailed, may, if he deems proper, make a summary statement of the existing law or constitutional provisions upon the subject so far as necessary to inform the voters of the effect which the adoption or rejection of the question or proposition submitted to them will have upon such statute law or state constitution, and the mailing of such summary statement shall be a compliance with the provisions of this title. NJSA 19:14-32 Printing and delivery by secretary of state When by section 19:14-27 of this title copies of an act of the legislature or of a constitutional amendment are required to be printed and mailed, the secretary of state shall cause to be printed and, at least twenty days before the election at which the question or proposition is to be submitted, shall deliver to each county clerk a number of copies of the printed matter to be mailed as hereinbefore required, at least twenty per cent greater than the number of registered voters in the county. NJSA 19:14-33 When referendum notices unnecessary It shall not be necessary for the secretary of state, or any other official, to cause notice to be published of any state-wide proposition directed by the legislature to be submitted to the people, nor shall it be necessary for the secretary of state, or any other official, to cause to be printed and mailed to the registered voters copies of the act or acts to be voted upon. NJSA 19:14-34 County clerks to municipal clerks; packages sealed; record of delivery; receipts The county clerks of the several counties, not later than three days prior to the general election shall cause to be delivered to the clerk of each municipality within their respective counties, the number of ballots hereinbefore required to be provided for each election district within his municipality at such election. The same shall be delivered in sealed packages, one for each election district of the municipality, with marks or directions on the outside of each clearly stating the election district for which it is intended, together with the number of ballots. The county clerk shall also keep a record of the time when and the manner in which each of the packages was delivered. Receipts for the ballots thus delivered shall be given by the clerk receiving the same and filed with the county clerk, and shall be preserved by such clerk for the period of one year. NJSA 19:14-35 Municipal clerk to member of district board; delivery by member of board to board; receipts The municipal clerk shall on the day preceding any such general election, deliver, at his office or in any other way that he sees fit, to one of the members of each district board within his municipality, the ballot box, the ballot box keys, the ballots, and all other equipment and supplies received from the county clerk or the county board for such election district, and in addition shall deliver to the member all other equipment and supplies as herein provided to be furnished by the municipal clerk to the district boards of his municipality for balloting at the general election, and take the receipt of the member therefor, which last mentioned receipt the clerk of the municipality shall file and preserve for one year. The member of each district board shall on the morning of election and before the proclamation of the opening of the polls, deliver the ballot box, the packages of ballots and all other equipment and supplies by him received to the district board of which he is a member, with the seals thereof unbroken, and shall take a receipt therefor from the board, which receipt the member shall file and preserve for one year. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:15 NJSA 19:15-1 Supervision of district boards by county board; district boards to hold and conduct elections The county board shall have supervision and direction of and authority over the district boards at all elections, including commission form of government elections held within the county. The district boards shall in their respective election districts hold and conduct all elections at which the method of voting hereinafter prescribed shall be observed. NJSA 19:15-2 Operation hours of polls; members present The district boards shall open the polls for such election at 6:00 A.M. and close them at 8:00 P.M., and shall keep them open during the whole day of election between these hours; except that for a school election held at a time other than at the time of the general election the polls shall be open between the hours of 4:00 P.M. and 8:00 P.M. and during any additional time which the school board may designate between the hours of 6:00 A.M. and 8:00 P.M. The board may allow one member thereof at a time to be absent from the polling place and room for a period not exceeding one hour between the hours of 1:00 P.M. and 5:00 P.M. or for such shorter time as it shall see fit. At no time from the opening of the polls to the completion of the canvass shall there be less than a majority of the board present in the polling room or place, except that during a school election held at a time other than at the time of the general election there shall always be at least one member of each district election board present or if more than two district board members are designated to serve at the polling place, at least two members present. L.2015, c.181, s.1. NJSA 19:15-3 Lighting and equipment of booths The board shall cause the booths of the polling places to be at all hours well and sufficiently lighted to enable voters to read and prepare their ballots with ease, and shall cause each booth to be kept provided with sufficient lead pencils to enable the voters to mark their ballots. NJSA 19:15-4 Official ballots only used; place of keeping and distribution; no envelopes The board shall permit no other ballots to be used at the general election except the ballots which are by this title provided for. It shall confine the distribution and use of such ballots to the polling room in the manner herein directed, and shall distribute no ballots (other than official sample ballots as herein provided) outside the polling place. The board shall keep no ballots in the polling booths and shall not permit the use of envelopes for enclosing ballots on election day. NJSA 19:15-5 Emergency ballots; preparation; use If at any election the ballots to be furnished therefor shall not be delivered at the time above mentioned, or if after delivery they shall be destroyed or stolen and other official ballots cannot be obtained in time for such election, the clerk of the county or municipality, or the district board, as the case may require, shall cause other ballots to be prepared as nearly in the form heretofore prescribed as practicable, but without the indorsement on the top. Upon the receipt of ballots thus prepared from the clerk of the county or municipality, accompanied by a statement, under oath, of the person preparing the same, that they have been so prepared and furnished because the original ballots have so failed to be received or have been destroyed or stolen, and that other official ballots could not be obtained in time for such election, or where the district board has caused such unofficial ballots to be prepared, the board shall cause the ballots so substituted to be used at the election. NJSA 19:15-6 Unofficial ballots; use permitted If from any cause neither the official ballot nor ballots otherwise prepared as herein prescribed shall be ready for distribution at any polling place, or if the supply of ballots shall be exhausted before the polls are closed, unofficial ballots, made as nearly as possible in the form of the official ballot, may be used. The mode and manner of voting such unofficial ballots shall, nevertheless, in all respects conform as nearly as possible to the mode and manner of voting herein prescribed. NJSA 19:15-8 Persons allowed in polling place; simulated voting a. No person shall be allowed or permitted to be present in the polling place or polling room during the progress of the election except the officers connected with the election, persons connected with the operation of a simulated election for minors as described in subsection b. of this section, the several candidates, the duly authorized challengers, such voters as are present for the purpose of voting and their dependent children, minors present for the purpose of voting in a simulated election, and such officers as may be duly detailed to be present, pursuant to this title, for preserving the peace or enforcing the provisions hereof. b. A county board of elections may authorize a simulated election for minors at a polling place, provided the simulated election does not interfere with the orderly conduct of the official voting process Amended 1994, c.154; s.1; 2000, c.173, s.1 NJSA 19:15-9 Persons in polling place allowed to vote at closing of polls After the hour fixed for closing the polls voters already within such place or room or in line shall be permitted to prepare and cast their ballots. NJSA 19:15-10 Proclamation of opening of polls The district boards, before they receive any vote, shall make public proclamation of the opening of the election and of their readiness to receive the votes of the voters, and thereupon the election shall be opened. NJSA 19:15-11 Distribution and use of ballot box keys; locking ballot boxes At the opening of the election each of the keys of the locks of the ballot box shall be taken by a different member of the board, who shall keep the same until the statement of the result of the election shall be made and certified, as directed by this title, and shall not during that time suffer any other member of the board, or any other person, on any pretense to take or have the same. In all cases in which the members of the board are directed to lock the ballot box, each of the locks thereof shall be locked by the member who shall have the key belonging thereto, as directed by this title. NJSA 19:15-12 Ballot box shown to be empty; locking Immediately before proceeding to receive the votes the board shall in an open and public manner exhibit the ballot box so that those present may see that there is nothing contained therein, and thereupon close and lock the same, leaving open the aperture in the lid thereof. NJSA 19:15-17 Comparison of signatures or statements; identifying documentation a. The comparison of signatures of a voter made upon registration and upon election day, and if the voter alleges his inability to write, the comparison of the answers made by such voter upon registration and upon election day, shall be had in full view of the challengers. b.If a voter has registered by mail after January 1, 2003 to vote for the first time in his or her current county of residence and did not provide personal identification when registering pursuant to section 16 of P.L.1974, c.30 (C.19:31-6.4), the voter shall be permitted to vote starting at the first election held after January 1, 2004 at which candidates are seeking federal office after displaying one of the following items: (1) a current and valid photo identification card; (2) a current utility bill, bank statement, government check or pay check; (3) any other government document that shows the voter's name and current address; or (4) any other identifying document that the Attorney General has determined to be acceptable for this purpose. If the voter does not display one of these documents, the voter shall not be permitted to vote by machine but shall instead be provided with a provisional ballot, pursuant to the provisions of P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1 et seq.). This subsection shall not apply to any voter entitled to vote by absentee ballot under the "Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act" (42 U.S.C. 1973ff-1 et seq.) or to any voter who is provided the right to vote other than in person under section 3 of Pub.L.98-435, the "Voting Accessibility for the Elderly and Handicapped Act," or any other voter entitled to vote otherwise than in person under any other federal law. This subsection shall also not apply to any person who registers to vote by appearing in person at any voter registration agency or to any person whose voter registration form is delivered to the county commissioner of registration or to the Attorney General, as the case may be, through a third party by means other than by mail delivery. c.Each county commissioner of registration shall collect and maintain, in the manner prescribed by the Attorney General, the information provided pursuant to subsection b. of this section and section 16 of P.L.1974, c.30 (C.19:31-6.4). Access to the personal identification information provided pursuant to subsection b. of this section and section 16 of P.L.1974, c.30 (C.19:31-6.4). shall be prohibited, in accordance with subsection a. of section 6 of P.L.2001, c.404 (C.47:1A-5). Amended 2004, c.88, s.9. NJSA 19:15-18 Voter challenges The members of the district boards and any duly authorized challenger, respectively, shall at any election challenge every person who shall claim to have a right to vote therein whom they or he shall know, suspect or believe not to be qualified or entitled to so vote, and said members of the district board or challenger shall have the power and right to ask all questions which are suitable and necessary to determine such person's right. No member of the district board and no duly authorized challenger shall, however, challenge, delay or prevent the right to vote of any person because of that person's race, color, national origin, expected manner of casting a vote or residence in a particular ward, housing complex or section of a municipality or county, provided that nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit a challenge based upon the failure of the challenged voter to meet the applicable statutory residency qualification for voting in the particular election district. Any member of the district board or duly authorized challenger who violates this section is guilty of a disorderly persons offense. Amended 1991,c.249,s.1. NJSA 19:15-18.1 Challenged voter may establish right to vote 2. a. Any voter whose name does not appear on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent of elections of the county but who is challenged as not qualified or entitled to vote by a duly authorized challenger or by a member of a district board of elections shall be permitted to establish his right to vote by: (1) signing an affidavit which states the voter's qualifications to vote on forms to be supplied by the superintendent of elections in those counties having a superintendent of elections or by the commissioner of registration in all other counties, and; (2) presenting for inspection a suitable identifying document, which may be, but is not limited to, the following: (a) a valid New Jersey driver's license; (b) a sample ballot which lists the voter's name and address; (c) an official federal, State, county or municipal document which lists the voter's name and address; (d) a utility or telephone bill or tax or rent receipt dated; or (e) a piece of mail postmarked, on or after the 60th day before the day of the election at which the voter is challenged. b. A copy of the affidavit signed by the challenged voter shall be given to that person. c. The affidavit, or a form attached to it, shall state: (1) the means by which a person whose name does not appear on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent of elections of the county but who is challenged by a duly authorized challenger or by a member of the district board of elections may seek to establish the person's right to vote, as provided in subsection a. of this section; (2) that a challenger who succeeds in denying a voter the right to vote must sign an affidavit stating the reason why the voter is not entitled to vote and must furnish a copy of the affidavit to the challenged voter, as provided in section 3 of P.L.1991, c.249 (C.19:15-18.2); (3) the legal remedy which a person whose name does not appear on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent of elections of the county but who is challenged by a duly authorized challenger or by a member of the district board of elections and denied the right to vote may use to seek permission to vote, as provided in section 6 of P.L.1991, c.249 (C.19:15-18.3). d. In counties in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, the affidavit and instructions for its completion and the information required by subsection c. of this section shall appear in both English and Spanish. L.1991,c.249,s.2. NJSA19:15-18.2 Grounds for challenging right to vote specified 3. If a person whose name does not appear on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent of elections of the county is challenged as not qualified or entitled to vote by a duly authorized challenger or by a member of the district board of elections and if this challenge is sustained by the district board of elections, the person making the challenge shall specify the grounds for the challenge in a signed affidavit on forms to be supplied by the superintendent of elections in those counties having a superintendent of elections or by the county clerk in all other counties. This document also shall state that the challenged voter has sought to establish his right to vote by signing an affidavit which states the challenged voter's qualifications to vote and by presenting a suitable identifying document, the identity of which shall be specified by the challenger. A copy of the challenger's affidavit shall be given to the challenged voter. L.1991,c.249,s.3. NJSA19:15-18.3 Challenged voter may appeal to Superior Court judge 6.Any person whose name does not appear on a challenge list prepared by the superintendent of elections of the county but who is challenged and denied the right to vote on the day of a municipal, primary, general, or special election by a duly authorized challenger or by a member of a district board of elections, may apply to a Superior Court judge sitting at the county seat for permission to vote. No papers need be filed; the court shall entertain oral applications. The challenged voter may appear pro se or with counsel. The challenger or the member of the district board, as the case may be, may appear or be represented by counsel. The challenged voter shall be permitted to state by oath or affirmation the facts which the voter believes establish eligibility to vote, shall furnish a copy of the affidavit the voter signed when challenged, a copy of the affidavit signed by the challenger and the identifying document found invalid by the challenger and the district board. The rules of evidence shall not apply to those proceedings. The judge shall grant the application and provide the challenged voter with written authorization to vote on that day if the judge finds the following facts to be established by the testimony of the applicant or, in the case of a dispute of facts or some questions as to the challenged voter's credibility, by a preponderance of the following evidence: a.The challenged voter is at least 18 years old and a citizen of the United States and of this State, has resided in the county at least 30 days prior to the date of the election, and has not been convicted of a crime which would disenfranchise a person under the laws of this State, and either: b.The challenged voter is properly registered at his location; or c.The challenged voter was properly registered at his location as of the last election at which the challenged voter voted but has moved to another location within the county since then and in good faith attempted to register at the new address within the time prescribed by law. For the purposes of this section, a good faith attempt to register shall include: completing the prescribed registration form no later than 21 days before the election in the presence of a person who appears to be over 18 years old and says that he or she can and will witness the form and mail it to the register for the applicant; completing a form received in the mail from the commissioner of registration, superintendent of elections or the county board which states that information has been received that the applicant has moved and placing the completed form in a proper mailbox with proper postage, if necessary, no later than 21 days before the election; completing a registration form in any government office; and reasonably relying upon the oral statements of an official at a polling place that they will insure proper reregistration. The judge of the Superior Court having the application shall cause a full record of the proceeding to be taken stenographically, transcribed and filed in the office of the county clerk of the county, which record shall be open and public record. All costs and expenses of such proceedings shall be paid by the county. L.1991,c.249,s.6; amended 2005, c.139, s.5. NJSA19:15-19 Challenge on ground of conviction of crime; questions and answers If a person be challenged as convicted of a crime which bars him from exercising the right to vote, he shall be required to answer in relation to such alleged conviction, and if he shall admit that he has been so convicted, he shall not be permitted to vote unless he shall make oath that he has been pardoned or restored by law to the right of suffrage; but if he shall deny that he has been so convicted, no proof of such conviction shall be received, other than the duly authenticated record thereof, except such proof as may be necessary to establish his identity with the person named in such record, or may be adduced by him to rebut the evidence of identity produced on behalf of the challenge. NJSA19:15-20 Challenge on ground of alienage; evidence of citizenship If a person shall be challenged as not qualified or entitled to vote, and the person challenging him shall specify a ground for such challenge to be that the person so challenged is an alien, the judge of election may forthwith tender to him an oath or affirmation, in the following form: "You do swear (or affirm, as the case may be), that to the best of your knowledge, information and belief, you were born a citizen of the United States, and that you do not owe allegiance to any foreign prince, potentate, state or sovereignty" , and if the person so challenged shall refuse to take the oath or affirmation so tendered to him, he shall be deemed to be an alien, unless he shall produce at the time of claiming his vote, to the board, a lawful certificate, issued out of and under the seal of some court of record, having authority to admit aliens to the rights of a citizen of the United States, showing that he has been admitted to the rights of a citizen of the United States. In this case the judge shall tender to the person so challenged an oath or affirmation in the following form: "You do swear (or affirm, as the case may be), that you are the person named in the certificate of naturalization which you have produced to the board." In case the person producing the same shall claim to have derived the rights of such citizen through the naturalization of his parent, such certificate shall show that the person alleged to be such parent has been admitted to the rights of such citizen. In this event, an oath or affirmation, in the following form, shall be tendered to such person: "You do swear (or affirm, as the case may be), that to the best of your knowledge, information and belief, the person named in the certificate of naturalization which you have produced to this board was your parent, and that you were at the time of the naturalization of your parent under the age of twenty-one years, and resident of the United States." If the person so challenged shall in either case refuse to take the oath or affirmation so tendered to him, he shall be deemed to be an alien. NJSA 19:15-21 Challenge on grounds of disqualification; oath If a person shall be challenged as not qualified or entitled to vote, the judge may forthwith tender to him an oath or affirmation, in the following form: "You do swear (or affirm, as the case may be), that you are a citizen of the United States; that you have resided in this State and in this county for 30 days next before this election, and not elsewhere; that you are now a resident of this election district; that, as far as you know and verily believe, you are 18 years of age, and in all respects qualified to vote in this election, in this election district, and that you have not voted elsewhere in this election," and if the person so challenged shall refuse to take the oath or affirmation so tendered to him, he shall be deemed not to be qualified or entitled to vote. Amended 1962,c.85; 1964,c.7,s.2; 1991,c.249,s.4. NJSA 19:15-22 Examination of challenged voter Upon any question or challenge of a voter duly registered it shall be the duty of the board, and the privilege of all its members, to put all such questions as are proper to determine the right of the voter to vote NJSA 19:15-23 Questions asked persons challenged in municipalities having permanent registration In municipalities having permanent registration, if a voter is challenged, the board shall ask him the questions which were asked him upon registration, the answers to which appear on the signature copy register and if the answers do not correspond a note of such fact shall be entered in the column of the poll book entitled "remarks" . If the signatures of the voter or the answers to the questions made by the voter do not correspond, then it shall be the privilege of the challengers to challenge, and the duty of each member of the district board to challenge, unless some other authorized person shall challenge. NJSA 19:15-24 Challenging voter, procedure, violations by members of board, removal The district boards shall not give a ballot to any person unless they shall be satisfied that such person is in all respects qualified and entitled to vote; and for the purpose of satisfying themselves as to the right of any person who shall claim a right to vote they shall have power to examine such person, and any other person or persons, under oath or affirmation, touching such right, except as hereinbefore restricted. The board shall determine the right of the voter to vote, after making use of, and giving due weight to, the evidence afforded by his signature, if any, such answers, and an affidavit which states the challenged voter's qualifications to vote and a suitable identifying document, as provided under section 2 of P.L.1991, c.249 (C.19:15-18.1). If any member of the board shall give or assent to give a ballot to any person challenged, without requiring him to take the oath or affirmation hereinbefore prescribed to be made upon such challenge, and the person shall not be qualified and entitled to vote, the member so giving or assenting to give a ballot, shall be deemed to have given to such person a ballot, knowing it to be illegal. The question as to the giving of the ballot to the person shall be put in the following form: "Shall a ballot be given to this person by this board?" If a majority of the board shall decide to give a ballot to such voter or in case of a tie vote, the voter shall be given a ballot and allowed to vote. If a majority of the board shall decide against giving a ballot to the voter no ballot shall be given. The board upon demand of a member of the board or any other citizen shall forthwith issue a warrant for the arrest of such person and deliver the same to a peace officer, who shall forthwith arrest him, and the right to challenge voters shall exist until the ballot shall have been deposited in the ballot box. Every such challenge and the determination of the board shall in every instance be recorded in the signature comparison record, in the column "Sig. Comp. by," used at the election at which the challenge has been made. Any member of a district board who refuses or neglects to comply with the provisions of this section may be summarily removed from office by the county board, or any judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county. Amended 1953,c.19,s.16; 1991,c.91,s.242; 1991,c.249,s.5. NJSA 19:15-25 Ballot given to voter; instructions In all municipalities after the district board shall have ascertained that a voter is properly registered and qualified to vote the inspector of election shall furnish to the voter one official ballot numbered to correspond with the poll number of the voter, allowing for spoiled ballots, if any. No ballot shall be handed to a voter until there is a booth ready for occupancy. The members of the district board shall not allow a voter to mark his ballot outside of an election booth unless the voter is unable to enter the booth by reason of his physical disability. The inspector shall instruct the voter how to fold the ballot and shall crease the ballot so as to indicate the point where the voter shall fold the ballot, but before handing the ballot to the voter the inspector shall see that the face of the ballot including the coupon is exposed, and at the same time shall call off the ballot number to the member having charge of the polling book, who shall make certain that the ballot number and poll number agree, allowing for spoiled ballots, if any. If the number of the ballot does not follow consecutively the missing number or numbers shall be written on a blank sheet of paper signed by the members of the district board and placed on the string with the coupons in its or their proper place or places. NJSA 19:15-26 Ballots marked secretly in booth; violation disorderly persons offense 19:15-26. Every voter to whom a ballot is given shall thereupon retire into the polling booth. Each booth in a polling place shall be arranged in accordance with the provisions of R.S.19:8-7. Not more than one voter, except as hereinafter provided, shall be permitted to enter or be in the same booth, at one time. The voter shall prepare the voter's ballot in the booth secretly and screened from the observation of others. Any person or voter who shall violate the provisions of this section shall be deemed guilty of a disorderly persons offense.. Amended 2005, c.154, s.3; 2022, c.67, s.3. NJSA 19:15-27 Voting To vote for any candidates whose names are printed in any column, the voter shall mark a cross x , plus + or check in ink or pencil in the square at the left of the name of each candidate in any column for whom he desires to vote to the number to be elected for each office. To vote upon the public questions printed on the ballot the voter shall indicate his choice by marking a cross x , plus + or check in ink or pencil in the square at the left of either the word "Yes" or "No" of each public question. Amended 1947,c.104,s.4; 1994,c.77,s.7. NJSA 19:15-28 Voting for personal choice Nothing in this Title shall prevent any voter from writing or pasting under the proper title of office in the column designated personal choice the name or names of any person or persons for whom he desires to vote whose name or names are not printed upon the ballot for the same office or offices, and who shall mark a cross x , plus + or check in the square at the left of such name or names. Such writing shall be in ink or pencil. All pasters shall be printed with black ink on white paper. Amended 1947,c.104,s.5; 1994,c.77,s.8. NJSA 19:15-29 Ballot spoiled by voter; procedure to obtain another Should any voter to whom any official ballot has been handed spoil or render the same unfit for use, he may return it and obtain another from the district board, but no more than two official ballots shall be furnished to any voter, except at the discretion of the board. The board shall preserve all the ballots, with their coupons attached, returned by a voter as spoiled or unfit for use, and after the proper correction has been made in the poll book and signature copy register or register of voters such ballot or ballots shall be placed upon the same string with the coupons. NJSA 19:15-30 Folding ballot; retention by voter until received by board Before leaving the booth the voter shall fold his ballot so that no part of the face of it shall be visible and so as to display the face of the numbered coupon, and the ballot of such claimant shall remain in his hand until the board shall have decided to receive the same. NJSA 19:15-31 Delivery of ballot by voter to board; procedure thereon He shall then hand the ballot with the coupon undetached to the member of the election board having charge of the ballot box, which member shall call off the number of the ballot and the name of the voter. If the name and number agree with the record in the poll book, the election officer having charge of the poll book shall so announce and place the word "voted" opposite the poll number to indicate that the person shown thereon as receiving the ballot has voted. In districts having permanent registration the member of the board having charge of the signature copy register shall record the ballot number in the proper column of the record of voting form. NJSA 19:15-32 Ballot deposited in ballot box by member of board Thereupon the member of the board having charge of the ballot box, without displaying any part of the face of the ballot, shall remove the coupon from the top of the ballot and place the ballot in the box and the coupon on a file string. The member of the board having charge of the ballot box shall keep the ballot in full view of the voter and the other election officers until it is deposited and the voter may take hold thereof, with the member of the board having charge of the ballot box, until it is actually deposited. NJSA 19:15-33 Ballot box filled When one ballot box is filled with ballots the board shall seal the same and provide another box. NJSA 19:15-34 Time limit for challenging The right to challenge voters shall exist until the ballot shall have been deposited in the ballot box, and the procedure in case the right of a person to vote is challenged shall be the same as herein prescribed when the right of a person to receive a ballot is challenged. NJSA 19:15A-1 Early voting 1. a. In addition to all other forms of voting provided for by this Title, a registered voter shall be permitted to vote at a specially designated polling place before the day of certain primary and general elections in this State. This procedure shall be known as early voting. The early voting period shall: (1) start on the 4th calendar day before a non-presidential primary election for a non-presidential general election and end on the second calendar day before that non-presidential primary election; (2) start on the 6th calendar day before a presidential primary election for a presidential general election and end on the second calendar day before that presidential primary election; or (3) start on the 10th calendar day before a general election and end on the second calendar day before that general election. The voting process during the early voting period shall be conducted using electronic poll books and optical-scan voting machines that read hand-marked paper ballots or other voting machines that produce a voter-verifiable paper ballot. Any municipality conducting regular municipal elections in May pursuant to the provisions of the "Uniform Nonpartisan Elections Law," P.L.1981, c.379 (C.40:45-5 et seq.), may, by an ordinance adopted by its governing body, also conduct early voting for the regular municipal election, in accordance with the provisions of this act, P.L.2021, c.40 (C.19:15A-1 et al.). If adopted by a municipal governing body, the early voting period for a regular municipal election in May shall start on the 4th calendar day before the regular municipal election and end on the second calendar day before that regular municipal election. An early voting period shall only be permitted for a non-presidential or presidential primary election and a general election in this State and, if adopted by a municipal governing body, a regular municipal election conducted in May. Pursuant to the provisions of this act and Title 19 of the Revised Statutes and in accordance with procedures that may be established by the Secretary of State for verifying eligible voters, each county board of elections shall verify that a registered voter is qualified to vote in the election and shall prescribe the manner by which a registered voter may vote during such period. b. (1) For the primary and the general election, each county board of elections shall designate at least three, but not more than five, public locations within each county as the sites for early voting to occur, except that the county board shall designate at least five, but not more than seven, public locations for early voting if the number of registered voters in the county is at least 150,000 but less than 300,000, and shall designate at least seven, but not more than 10, public locations for early voting if the number of registered voters in the county is 300,000 or more. This provision shall not be interpreted to prevent county boards of elections, at their discretion, from establishing additional locations in excess of the five, seven, or 10 location limits respectively set forth herein; provided, however, that the State shall be required to provide reimbursement for the costs of locations up to and including the five, seven, or 10 respective limits established herein, and shall not be required to provide reimbursement for additional locations beyond those limits under section 6 of this act, P.L.2021, c.40 (C.19:15A-6). The number of registered voters in each county shall be determined ahead of the selection of early voting sites pursuant to a uniform standard which shall be developed by the Secretary of State through the rulemaking process pursuant to the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.). Whenever possible, early voting locations shall be geographically located so as to ensure both access in the part of the county that features the greatest concentration of population, according to the most recent federal decennial census of the United States, and access in various geographic areas of the county. All early voting locations shall be public facilities, such as county courthouses, public libraries and the offices of the municipal clerk, county clerk, and county board of elections, or places of public accommodation as provided under Title 10 of the Revised Statutes. No public school building and no building used as a public school, as that term is defined under N.J.S.18A:1-1, shall, however, be designated as an early voting location. The locations shall be designated at the same time as all other polling places are designated by the board of elections. In the event of a tie vote among members of the county board with respect to the selection of sites for early voting, the county clerk shall cast the deciding vote. Once early voting locations are designated in each county, county boards of election shall evaluate and, if deemed necessary, revise these locations in order to accommodate significant changes in the number of registered voters within each county, reflect the population distribution and density within each county, or because of similar circumstances. The Secretary of State may develop the criteria to be used by county boards of election to revise the location of early voting sites and shall prescribe how often such revision shall take place. A voter shall be permitted to vote at any early voting site in the voter's county. (2) Whenever a municipality that conducts regular municipal elections in May chooses to participate in early voting for the regular municipal election, the county board of elections shall designate at least one public location, but not more than three public locations, within the municipality as the site or sites for early voting to occur. This provision shall not be interpreted to prevent a county board of elections, at its discretion, from establishing additional locations in excess of the three location limit set forth herein; provided, however, that the State shall be required to provide reimbursement for the costs of locations up to and including the three location limit established herein, and shall not be required to provide reimbursement for additional locations beyond that limit under section 6 of this act, P.L.2021, c.40 (C.19:15A-6). Whenever possible, each such location shall be geographically located in the part of the municipality that features the greatest concentration of population, according to the most recent federal decennial census of the United States. All early voting locations shall be public facilities, such as municipal courthouses and the offices of the municipal clerk, or places of public accommodation as provided under Title 10 of the Revised Statutes. No public school building and no building used as a public school, as that term is defined under N.J.S.18A:1-1, shall be designated as an early voting location. The locations shall be designated at the same time as all other polling places are designated by the board of elections. In the event of a tie vote among members of the county board with respect to the selection of sites for early voting, the municipal clerk shall cast the deciding vote. Once early voting locations are designated in each municipality, county boards of election shall evaluate and, if deemed necessary, revise these locations in order to accommodate significant changes in the number of registered voters within each municipality, reflect the population distribution and density within each municipality, or because of similar circumstances. The Secretary of State may develop the criteria to be used by county boards of election to revise the location of early voting sites and shall prescribe how often such revision shall take place. A voter shall be permitted to vote at any early voting site in the voter's municipality. c. Each early voting site in a county or municipality shall be open for early voting on Monday through Saturday from at least 10 AM to 8 PM, and on Sunday from at least 10 AM to 6 PM. Any voter who is on line at the time scheduled for the closing of an early voting site shall be permitted to vote. d. The election officers responsible for conducting early voting shall be the same as those responsible for conducting a primary and a general election, as appropriate, pursuant to this Title. The number of such officers and their hours of service shall be as determined by each county board of elections. The compensation for such officers shall be the same as provided to district board of election members serving at a school election pursuant to R.S.19:45-6, or that required pursuant to Article I, paragraph 23 of the New Jersey Constitution, whichever is greater. e. The restrictions governing the conduct of voters at a polling place on the days that early voting occurs, the procedures governing who is permitted in a polling place on such occasions and the prohibition on electioneering within 100 feet of a polling place during an election, shall be as provided in chapters 15, 34, 50 and 52 of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes and every other applicable section of this Title. f. In real time using the electronic poll books each day during the early voting period, and prior to the start of each regularly scheduled primary and general election, and regular municipal election in each non-partisan municipality choosing to participate in early voting, each county board shall make such changes as may be necessary to the voter's record in the Statewide voter registration system to indicate that a voter has voted in that election using the early voting procedure. g. (1) Each county board shall be responsible for forming and executing a written plan to ensure, to the greatest extent possible, the integrity of the voting process and the security of ballots used during the early voting period, including the security of voting machines, voted ballots, and election records. The plan shall be based on guidelines established by the Secretary of State and shall be submitted thereto no later than December 15 of each year. The Secretary of State shall review and, if deemed necessary thereby, require changes to a plan no later than February 1 of each year. Each plan shall specify a chain of custody and security plan for the voting machines, and a chain of custody for the voted ballots and election records and materials, and shall require, among other specifications deemed necessary by the Secretary of State and county boards of election, that all voted ballots shall be transferred at the end of each early voting day to county boards of election for safekeeping. After the voted ballots are transferred to the county board of elections at the end of each early voting day, a county board may elect to impound those voted ballots on a secure server, or by any other means deemed appropriate by the Secretary of State. The voted ballots shall not be canvassed until the closing of the polls on election day as required pursuant to section 4 of this act, P.L.2021, c.40 (C.19:15A-4). The results of the voted ballots cast during early voting shall remain confidential and shall be disclosed only in accordance with the provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, regulations, and guidelines concerning the disclosure of election results, and a violation shall be subject to the penalties established by law. (2) Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection, in the year in which P.L.2021, c.40 (C.19:15A-1 et al.) becomes law, each county board shall submit its plan to the Secretary of State within 30 days following the effective date of this act and the Secretary of State shall review it and, if deemed necessary thereby, require changes in the plan within 45 days following the effective date of this act. h. Each county board shall make certain that each polling place used for early voting shall be accessible to individuals with disabilities and the elderly, in compliance with the "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990" (42 U.S.C. s.12101 et seq.), and that each polling place provides such voters, including the blind and visually impaired, the same opportunity for access and participation, including privacy and independence, as other voters in compliance with the "Help America Vote Act of 2002" (42 U.S.C. s.15481). i. The Secretary of State shall establish a printing on demand ballot and elections system. At a minimum, the system shall be compatible with the Statewide voter registration system established pursuant to section 1 of P.L.2005, c.145 (C.19:31-31) and any electronic poll books provided by section 1 of P.L.2019, c.80 (C.19:31-35). Each polling place used for early voting shall have a computer, tablet, or other electronic device to print provisional ballots for voters required to vote by provisional ballot in accordance with the provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes or due to an equipment malfunction as further provided under section 3 of P.L.2019, c.80 (C.19:31-37), or any other election related material, if needed. A computer, tablet, or other electronic device and the printer used to print election materials at a polling place shall not be used unless it has been certified by the Secretary of State. The Secretary of State shall adopt and publish standards and regulations governing the certification and use of computer, tablets, or other electronic devices and printers to print election materials at each polling place used for early voting. The Secretary of State shall not certify a computer, tablet, or other electronic device or printer unless it is in compliance with the secretary's standards. j. Each polling place used for early voting shall also have such appropriate supplies, ballots and other materials deemed necessary by the Secretary of State or as is required currently for a polling place on the day of any election by Title 19 of the Revised Statutes. L.2021, c.40, s.1. NJSA 19:15A-2 Appointment of challengers for early voting 2. a. The appointment of challengers for early voting shall be in the following manner: (1) The chairperson of the county committee of any political party that has duly nominated any candidate for public office to be voted for at an election by all the voters within the county or any political division thereof greater than a single municipality, or where the election is within and for a single municipality only, or any subdivision thereof, then the chairperson of the municipal committee of the political party making such nomination within and for such single municipality, or subdivision thereof, may appoint two challengers for each grouping of candidates choosing to be grouped together on the ballot for each early voting site in the chairperson's county or municipality, as the case may be. If two or more candidates choosing to be grouped together on the ballot do not belong to an organization represented by a county or municipal committee of any political party, as the case may be, the candidate listed on the highest position on the ballot for that grouping of candidates may appoint two challengers for that grouping of candidates for each early voting site in the county or municipality, as the case may be. (2) A candidate who has filed a petition for an office to be voted for at the primary election, and a candidate for an office whose name may appear upon the ballot to be used in any election, may act as a challenger. A candidate who is not grouped with any other candidate on the ballot may appoint two challengers for each early voting site at which the candidate is to appear on the ballot, but only two challengers shall be allowed for each early voting site to represent all the candidates choosing to be grouped together on the ballot. (3) Whenever a public question shall appear on the ballot to be voted upon by the voters of an election district and application has been made by the proponents or opponents of such public question for the appointment of challengers, the county board may in its discretion appoint two challengers each to represent such proponents or opponents at each early voting site. b. Not more than the challengers authorized pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection a. of this section shall be present at any one time in any early voting site while serving and exercising the powers of a challenger and during the hours when the polls are open for early voting. c. The name and address of each challenger, including a candidate acting as a challenger or a challenger representing a grouping of two or more candidates, together with the number or name and location of the early voting site at which the challenger is to serve, shall be filed with the county board of elections not later than the fifth day preceding the start of the early voting period. d. Each challenger, including a candidate acting as a challenger or a challenger representing a grouping of two or more candidates, shall have all of the powers of challengers serving at other elections, as provided for in R.S.19:7-5 and by R.S.19:15-1 et seq. e. Any voter whose name does not appear on a challenge list but who is challenged as not qualified or entitled to vote by a challenger duly appointed pursuant to this section shall be entitled to the rights and protections provided by R.S.19:15-18 et seq., and every other applicable section of this Title. L.2021, c.40, s.2. NJSA 19:15A-3 Information available to the public 3. During each early voting period, the county board shall make available to the public a tally of the total number of voters who have cast a ballot at each early voting location during the previous day. The county boards shall prepare an electronic data file listing the names of the individual voters who cast a ballot during the early voting period. This information shall be made available to the public in an electronic format pursuant to rules adopted by the county board and subject to review each year by the Secretary of State. The information shall be updated and made available to the public no later than noon of each day during the early voting period and shall at the same time be provided to the clerk of the county in which early voting is occurring and to the Secretary of State. L.2021, c.40, s.3. NJSA 19:15A-4 Early votes canvassed after closing of polls on day of election 4. a. An early vote cast in an election, as provided for in this act, P.L.2021, c.40 (C.19:15A-1 et al.), shall not be canvassed prior to the closing of the polls on the day of an election. Every provisional ballot voted in each such election and determined by a county board to be valid shall be counted and shall be part of the official tally of the results of the election. b. Each early vote cast, canvassed, and tallied in an election under subsection a. of this section shall be reported in the results for the election district in which the voter resides. The provisions of this subsection shall not be interpreted to change the manner in which each provisional ballot cast, canvassed, and tallied in each election is reported as part of the official tally of the results of the election in a manner that preserves the privacy of the voter's vote. Whenever the reporting requirement of this subsection would cause a voter's privacy to be violated, the election results shall be reported in a manner that maintains the privacy of the vote, provided that the election results posted on the respective websites shall contain a disclosure stating that the results reported for some individual districts reflect measures to protect the privacy of the vote while the general tally accurately reflects the results, and provided further that the reports for those individual districts shall not be subject to disclosure under the provisions of P.L.1963, c.73 (C.47:1A-1 et seq.), commonly known as the open public records act. L.2021, c.40, s.4; amended 2022, c.67, s.4. NJSA 19:15A-5 Published information concerning early voting procedure 5. In addition to any publications required under Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, the Secretary of State and each county board of elections shall cause to be published information concerning the early voting procedure on the Department of State's website and on each county's website. The early voting information shall include, but may not be limited to, a notice to the public concerning their eligibility to participate in early voting, the duration of the early voting period, and the locations and hours of operation of specially designated polling places for early voting in each county. L.2021, c.40, s.5. NJSA 19:15A-6 Reimbursement for local governing body. 6. In compliance with the provisions of Article VIII, Section II, paragraph 5 of the New Jersey Constitution, upon application for reimbursement by a county governing body or a municipal governing body, as may be appropriate, to the Secretary of State and approval of the application by the Director of the Division of Budget and Accounting in the Department of the Treasury, a county or municipality shall be reimbursed by the State for any additional costs incurred by the county or municipality as a result of the provisions of this act, P.L.2021, c.40 (C.19:15A-1 et al.). L.2021, c.40, s.6. NJSA 19:15A-7 Adjustments to regulations, new regulations. 7. The Secretary of State is hereby authorized to make such adjustments to regulations issued pursuant to Title 19 of the Revised Statutes and to issue any new regulations as may be necessary to effectuate the purposes of this act, which regulations shall be effective immediately upon filing with the Office of Administrative Law for a period not to exceed 18 months, and may, thereafter, be amended, adopted or readopted in accordance with the provisions of the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.). L.2021, c.40, s.7. NJSA 19:15A-8 Application of provisions of act. 24. The provisions of this act, P.L.2021, c.40 (C.19:15A-1 et al.), shall only apply to the 2021 general election and general elections thereafter; the 2022 primary election and primary elections thereafter; and, if adopted by a municipal governing body, a municipal election conducted in May 2022 and municipal elections conducted in May thereafter. L.2021, c.40, s.24. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:16 NJSA 19:16-2 Votes counted publicly without adjournment The district board shall then proceed forthwith to count the votes for each candidate or proposition and shall complete such count without delay or adjournment. The counting shall be open and public, but not to the extent that the number present shall hinder, delay or inconvenience the election officers in counting the ballots and ascertaining the result. NJSA 19:16-3 Counting votes; distinguishing marks; ballots improperly prepared In canvassing the ballots the district board shall count the votes as follows: a. If proper marks are made in the squares to the left of the names of any candidates in any column and the total number voted for, for each office, does not exceed the number of candidates to be elected to each office, a vote shall be counted for each candidate so marked. b. If proper marks are made in the squares to the left of any names of any candidates in any column and in addition thereto, proper marks are made to the right of said names, a vote shall be counted for each candidate so marked; but if the district board canvassing the ballots or the county board, judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting a recount thereof, shall be satisfied that the placing of such marks to the left and right of the names was intended to identify or distinguish the ballot, then the ballot shall not be counted and shall be declared null and void. c. If no marks are made in the squares to the left of the names of any candidates in any column, but are made to the right of said names, a vote shall not be counted for the candidates so marked, but shall be counted for such other candidates as are properly marked; but if the district board canvassing the ballot or the county board, judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting a recount thereof, shall be satisfied that the placing of the marks to the right of the names was intended to identify or distinguish the ballot, the ballot shall be declared null and void. d. Where the name of any person is written or pasted in the column designated personal choice, and a cross x , plus + or check X appears in the square to the left of the name, it shall be counted as a vote for such person. e. In the case of any public question printed on the ballot where a proper mark is made in the square to the left of the word "Yes," it shall be counted as a vote in favor of such public question. If a proper mark is made in the square to the left of the word "No," it shall be counted as a vote against same. If no mark is made in the square to the left of either the word "Yes," or "No," it shall not be counted as a vote either in favor of or against said public question. If a mark is made in each of the squares to the left of both the words "Yes" and "No," it shall not be counted either as a vote in favor of or against the public question nor shall it invalidate the ballot. f. If a voter marks more names than there are persons to be elected to an office, or writes or pastes the name of any person in the column designated personal choice, whose name is printed upon the ballot as a candidate under the same title of office, or his choice cannot be determined, his ballot shall not be counted for that office, but shall be counted for such other offices as are plainly marked. g. If the mark made for any candidate or public question is substantially a cross x , plus + or check X and is substantially within the square, it shall be counted for the candidate or for or against the public question, as the case may be. No vote shall be counted for any candidate in any column or for or against any public question unless the mark made is substantially a cross x , plus + or check X and is substantially within the square. Amended by L.1947, c. 104, p. 523, s. 6; L.1953, c. 19, p. 332, s. 17. NJSA 19:16-4 Void ballots; distinguishing marks In counting the ballots the board shall deem null and void all ballots which are wholly blank, or on which more names have been marked for every office than there are persons to be elected to such office, and on which both "Yes" and "No" have been marked upon every public question. All ballots still remaining in the ballot box after ballots equal in number to the number of names of voters in the registry binders who have voted at such election inclusive of void ballots, have been counted shall be deemed null and void. No ballot which shall have, either on its face or back, any mark, sign, erasure, designation or device whatsoever, other than is permitted by this Title, by which such ballot can be distinguished from another ballot, shall be declared null and void, unless the district board canvassing such ballots, or the county board, judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting the recount thereof, shall be satisfied that the placing of the mark, sign, erasure, designation or device upon the ballot was intended to identify or distinguish the ballot. No ballot shall be declared invalid by reason of the fact that the mark made with ink or the mark made with lead pencil appears other than black. No ballot cast for any candidate shall be invalid by reason of the fact that the name of such candidate may be misprinted, or his Christian name or his initials may be omitted. No ballot cast for any candidate shall be invalid by reason of the use of any paster permitted by this Title on which the title of office may be printed or the name of such candidate may be misprinted or part of his Christian or surname or initials may be omitted, or because the voter in writing the name of such candidate may misspell the same or omit part of his Christian name or surname or initials. No ballot shall be declared null and void or invalid, by reason of having a cross x , plus + or check X appearing in a square at the left of a blank space, or a space wherein no name is printed. Amended by L.1947, c. 104, p. 525, s. 7; L.1953, c. 19, p. 333, s. 18. NJSA 19:16-5 Invalid ballots marked "void," numbering, stringing In every case in which a ballot shall be declared invalid, the same shall not be canvassed or counted, but shall be marked "void" on the outside thereof, and shall be numbered consecutively along with valid ballots, and shall be preserved like other ballots and placed in proper order on the string or wire with the valid ballots. Ballots which shall be declared invalid with respect to a part of the officers to be voted for or public questions to be voted upon shall be canvassed, estimated and numbered with respect to the part which is not invalid and preserved as other ballots and placed in their proper order on the string with the valid ballots. Amended 1992,c.3,s.1. NJSA 19:16-6 Majority decision of board final; dissents entered The decision of a majority of the district board on any question shall be deemed the decision of the board and final. If any member of the board shall dissent from any such decision and shall desire to protect himself from the consequences which may result from such decision, such member may record his dissent, in cases relating to registration, in the register, and in all other cases, in the poll book of such election, signing his name to such record with his own hand, and unless he shall do so, he shall be deemed to have assented to the decision so made. NJSA 19:16-7 Reading, stringing of ballots The board in the actual procedure of counting the ballots shall thereupon unlock and open the ballot box; the ballots shall then be taken singly and separately therefrom by the judge of the election, and while each ballot shall remain in his hands, he shall audibly and publicly read the same in full view of the inspector. The inspector shall be satisfied that the ballot is being correctly read by the judge. After the reading of the ballot, including a ballot determined to be void, and before taking another ballot from the box, the judge shall fold the ballot to a size about five inches square, and shall deliver the same so folded to the inspector, who shall write on the back thereof the number of such ballot from one onward, in the order in which the same shall have been taken from the box; and shall string the ballot as one ticket in the order in which the same shall be taken from the box and numbered, by means of a needle and string to be provided for that purpose. Amended 1992,c.3,s.2. NJSA 19:16-8 Tally sheets; entries; disposition The clerks of the board, under its inspection and direction, shall each, upon a tally sheet provided for that purpose, make a list of the names of all persons for whom one or more votes shall have been given, designating the office which such person shall be voted for or any public question voted upon, upon two sheets known as tally sheets provided for that purpose; and as each ballot shall be read they shall write the figure "1" opposite the name of each person whose name shall be contained thereon, as designated for any office or in the proper column designating the vote upon the public question. One of the tally sheets shall be placed in the ballot box and the other shall be filed with the county clerk at the same time the statements of results are delivered. NJSA 19:16-9 Casting of totals; notation on tally sheets When all the votes which shall have been received shall have been read, examined, numbered and strung, as above directed, the board shall carefully and accurately add up the votes given for each person for any office to be filled at such election or any public question and note the same upon the tally sheets, which tally sheets shall be signed by all the members of the district board. NJSA 19:16-10 Public announcement of results After completing the same the chairman of the board shall audibly and publicly announce the result thereof, particularly specifying the whole number of the votes in the poll book, the name of each person for whom any vote shall have been given for any office to be filled by such election, and the number of votes for each person for the office designated for him by such votes, together with those cast upon any public question. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:17 NJSA 19:17-1 Statement of results After the district board shall have counted the ballots cast at such election it shall make quadruplicate statements of the result thereof in substantially the following form; provided, that if no officers or public questions were voted upon at the election by the voters of the entire State or of more than one county thereof or of a congressional district, such statements need only be made in triplicate: Form of Statement A statement of the result of an election held in the ........ ward of the ......... election district of the ........ of ........ in the county of ........ , on the ........ day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and ....... , for a member of the Senate, members of the General Assembly, a sheriff and three coroners, for said county or as the case may be. The whole number of names on the signature copy register or register of voters is ....... . The whole number of names on the poll book is ..................... . The whole number of ballots rejected is .......................... . For member of Senate, received votes. received votes. For members of the General Assembly, received votes. received votes. For sheriff, received votes. received votes. For coroners, received votes. received votes. For each public question, received Yes votes. received No votes. Make under each head a list of the names of all the persons for whom any vote or votes were cast for the office or offices or cast upon any public question designated therein; state opposite to the same, in words written at full length, the number of votes cast for each person for such office or offices or votes cast upon any public question and fill in all other blanks in the form above given to conform to the facts of the case. Amended by L.1945, c. 76, p. 405, s. 1. NJSA 19:17-2 Certification of statement of result of count of votes; form The district board shall then certify such statement in substantially the following form: "We do certify that the foregoing is a true, full and correct statement of the result of the election above mentioned. In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our hands, this day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and .................................................) District Board ..................................................) of Registry ..................................................) and Election." ..................................................) No member of any district board shall sign any returns of election until after the completion of the counting of votes and his personal examination of the tally sheets to determine the correctness of the results. NJSA 19:17-3 Filing of statements After the district board shall have made up and certified such statements, it shall at the same time and with the ballot boxes, as hereinafter provided, deliver or safely transmit one of the statements to the clerk of the municipality wherein such election is held, who shall forthwith file the same. In counties having a superintendent of elections one of such statements shall forthwith be filed with the superintendent of elections of the county. The superintendent may arrange to accept such certificates in such municipality within the county at the office of the clerk of such municipality or some other convenient place. Any municipal clerk who shall refuse to permit such superintendent or his deputies or assistants access to his office for the purpose of collecting such certificates or any municipal clerk or other person who shall interfere or obstruct the superintendent, his deputies or assistants in the collection of such certificates, or any member of a district board who shall willfully fail or refuse to deliver such statement to the superintendent, his deputies or assistants as the case may be, shall be guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. In all counties the board shall, immediately after election, deliver or safely transmit another of the statements to the clerk of the county, who shall forthwith file the same. For a school election a statement shall also be delivered to the board of education of the district holding the election and to the county superintendent of schools in the county in which the district is situated. If officers were voted for or public questions were voted upon at the election by the voters of the entire State or of more than one county thereof, or of a congressional district, then the board shall, immediately after the election, inclose, seal up and transmit the fourth statement to the Attorney General by mail in stamped envelopes to be furnished by the Attorney General, addressing the same in the following manner: "To the Attorney General of New Jersey, Trenton, New Jersey." Upon receiving such statements the Attorney General shall forthwith file the same in his office. Amended 1945, c.76, s.2; 1947, c.168, s.6; 1953, c.19, s.19; 1995, c.278, s.19; 2005, c.154, s.4. NJSA 19:17-5 Failure to deliver proper statements, etc., penalty If any district board neglects to give the following information on the statements of results: the total number of names on the signature copy register or register of voters, the total number of ballots rejected, the number of votes given for each person, and the number of votes given for or against each public question, or fails to deliver or safely transmit any statement of the result of any election, tally sheet, signature copy registers, register of voters, ballot box or boxes, ballot box keys, flag or any other document or book pertaining to any election, within the time required by this Title, or destroys or damages, or causes or allows any loose leaf binder, registry book or other book or document to be destroyed or damaged or fails to perform any duties provided by this Title or imposed by the county board or by the commissioner, the payment of part or all of the compensation of the members of the board shall be withheld by the county treasurer or collector, as the case may be, by order of the county board or the commissioner, as the case may be, or may be forfeited by like order; and the Secretary of State or the clerk of the county or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, shall certify to the county board the name of any district board so failing to deliver or transmit such statements, books, documents or articles as hereinbefore mentioned. In case of failure of a district board to produce the required statements, books or other documents within twenty-four hours after being notified, the county board may make application to the Superior Court for an order to show cause why the members of such district board shall not be held in contempt of court for such neglect or failure, and punished accordingly. Amended 1953, c.19, s.21; 1991,c.91,s.243. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:18 NJSA 19:18-1 Election records placed in ballot box As soon as the election shall be finished and the votes canvassed and the statements made and certified by the district board as herein required, all ballots which have been cast, whether the same have been canvassed and counted or rejected for any cause, and one tally sheet, spoiled and unused ballots, shall be carefully collected and deposited in the ballot box. In all municipalities the signature copy registers shall not be placed in the ballot box but shall be delivered immediately by the district board to the commissioner of registration. In order to carry out his duties, any superintendent of elections in counties having a superintendent of elections shall have access and be permitted to inspect and examine any and all signature copy registers for said county for any election which may have been or shall be held in said county and any official or person having possession or custody of same who shall refuse to deliver said signature copy registers to the office of said superintendent of elections forthwith upon demand having been made upon him by said superintendent of elections as aforesaid shall be guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. Unless the said official having custody or possession of said signature copy registers shall forthwith produce the same at the office of the superintendent of elections when demanded by him so to do, the said superintendent of elections may apply to a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county and such judge shall forthwith make an order directing the official having possession or custody of the said signature copy registers to produce them at once in the court in which said judge may be sitting, and upon their being produced said judge shall deliver the same to the superintendent of elections. Amended 1940, c.196; 1947, c.168, s.7; 1953, c.19, s.22; 1991, c.91, s.244; 2005, c.154, s.5. NJSA 19:18-2 Ballot boxes delivered to municipal clerks The ballot box, after being locked and bound with tape and sealed, shall in all municipalities be immediately taken in charge by 2 members of the district board. It shall then be delivered to the office of the clerk of the municipality in which the election may be held, by said members or by said members with the assistance of an officer or officers to be designated by the governing body thereof, by the most direct route and without delay, and such members or officers shall not stop at any place between the polls and the municipal clerk's office. When the municipal governing body designates an officer or officers to assist said members in transmitting the ballot boxes it shall provide for suitable transportation. Amended by L.1967, c. 170, s. 1, eff. July 25, 1967. NJSA 19:18-3 Municipal clerk's office open until all ballot boxes delivered; record of times of delivery The clerk of the municipality shall attend at his office on election day, or appoint one of the clerks in his office to act for him, and keep his office open from the time the polls shall be closed until all the ballot boxes used at the various polls in the municipality at such election shall have been delivered at his office. The clerk of the municipality or his subordinate whom he may have appointed to act in his stead shall enter in a book to be kept for that purpose the exact time when each ballot box may be delivered at such office, the district whence it was brought, names of the members of the district board delivering it, and the name of the police officer or other witness who may accompany them, and any other particulars he may deem important; such book shall be filed in the office of the municipal clerk and be preserved by him for two years. NJSA 19:18-4 Preservation of ballot boxes and contents Every municipal clerk to whom the ballot boxes shall be delivered shall thereupon keep the same, with their contents, but shall not have the keys thereof in his possession until required for the next ensuing election, and shall not open or permit to be taken or opened any ballot box for the space of three months after the same has been so deposited, except when he shall be called upon by some court or other tribunal authorized to try the merits of such election or to take testimony regarding the same; and after such trial or investigation the clerk shall have such box or boxes returned to be held for any purpose within the time that same are required to remain in his custody. After the space of three months the municipal clerk may remove the contents thereof and preserve the same for two years, and permit the ballot boxes to be used at any election, unless an order shall have been made directing a recount of the ballots contained therein, or a petition filed contesting any nomination or election necessitating the use of the ballots contained in such boxes, within the time limited by law. When any election is required to be held for any purpose within such three months, the judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county, upon application of the governing body of any municipality, may direct that the contents of such ballot boxes be removed and preserved for two years and that these ballot boxes be used at such election. Amended 1953, c.19, s.23; 1991,c.91,s.245. NJSA 19:18-5 Register of voters in municipalities not having permanent registration filed with county clerk Not later than noon of the day following the canvass of the votes cast at the general election the register of voters, kept and checked by the district boards in municipalities not having permanent registration, shall be filed by the boards with the county clerk. NJSA 19:18-6 Ballot box keys deposited with county clerk Not later than noon of the day following the canvass of the votes the keys of each ballot box shall be deposited by a member of the district board with the county clerk. NJSA 19:18-7 Preservation of records; sale as waste paper All registry books and statements of results of elections required to be filed with the Secretary of State, the superintendent of elections, the county clerks of the various counties and the municipal clerks of the various municipalities shall be preserved by such officials for a period of five years after the holding of any election at which they were used, and all ballots, used or unused, for any election shall be preserved by such officials for a period of two years after the holding of any election, and thereafter shall be sold by such officials as waste paper, the proceeds to be paid into the State, county and municipal treasuries, respectively. The several county and municipal clerks may also sell all registry books which have been on file in their office for a period of five years, the proceeds to be paid into the county and municipal treasury, respectively. Amended by L.1945, c. 76, p. 408, s. 3. NJSA 19:18-8 Inspection of ballot boxes, books and documents by Superior Court A judge of the Superior Court may at any time for satisfactory reasons shown, and when he deems it necessary, issue an order for the opening of any ballot box or boxes and the removal of the contents thereof and for the removal from the file of any municipal or county office of any documents and books for any necessary purpose, which order shall also set forth the return of such contents to the ballot box or boxes and their return together with the documents and books to the files of the office from which the same were removed. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 338, s. 24. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:19 NJSA 19:19-1 Meeting of board of county canvassers. The board of county canvassers of each county shall meet on the 15th day, after any such election, at 12 o'clock noon, at the courthouse of the county, for the purpose of checking the canvass which shall have been made by the county clerk from the statements of the district boards filed in his office as hereinbefore provided. For such purpose the county clerk shall have prepared a compilation in tabulated form of such statements and the combined results shown thereby for the use of the board of canvassers. amended 1959, c.117; 2018, c.72, s.10; 2020, c.71, s.3; 2023, c.124, s.4. NJSA 19:19-2 Absence of county clerk; substitute If the clerk of the county shall be absent from the meeting at the time appointed therefor, the board shall forthwith proceed to appoint a fit person to be its clerk, who shall obtain such statements from the office of such clerk. NJSA 19:19-3 Oath of substitute clerk Before proceeding to canvass and estimate the votes the chairman of the board shall administer to the person appointed as clerk in the absence of the county clerk an oath or affirmation in the following form: "You do swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that you will faithfully execute the duties of the clerk of this board according to law." NJSA 19:19-4 Adjournment of meeting If on the day appointed for the meeting of such board, a major part thereof shall not attend at the courthouse of the county at the hour of twelve o'clock noon, or if at that time the statements of the result of such election from every election district in the county shall not be produced, the members of the board present shall adjourn to some convenient hour on the next day. NJSA 19:19-5 Statements obtained If such adjournment is occasioned by the fact that at the time fixed for the meeting of the board the statements from every election district have not been filed with the clerk of the county, such clerk shall forthwith, by a special messenger, or otherwise, at the expense of the county, obtain the statement or statements that shall be lacking, in time to be produced to the board at its next meeting, and for this purpose the statements directed to be filed with the clerk of any municipality wherein such election was held, or those directed to be filed with the county clerk, or a copy certified by the secretary of state of the statements transmitted to him, shall be sufficient. The clerk of the board shall lay before it, at its subsequent meeting, all the statements and certified copies that he shall have obtained as above directed. NJSA 19:19-6 Second adjournment of meeting At the hour to which such adjournment shall have been ordered, the member or members present may proceed as hereinafter directed, or may again adjourn for a period not exceeding three days, at which time the member or members present shall so proceed. The board is hereby authorized to reconvene at any time for the purpose of correcting any errors. NJSA 19:19-7 Custody of statements during adjournment When such board shall find it necessary to adjourn, as herein provided, all statements of the result of an election which shall have been delivered to it or to any member thereof, shall in the presence of the board, and before it shall adjourn, be securely inclosed and sealed and delivered to the county clerk for safe-keeping until the next meeting of the board. NJSA 19:19-8 Canvass and statement of result of election The members of the board shall proceed to examine the statements and copies of statements produced before them and shall canvass and determine the votes cast at such election; and shall forthwith make four statements of the result of such election; but if no officers were voted for or public questions were voted upon at the election by the voters of the entire State or of more than one county thereof or of a congressional district, one statement shall be sufficient. Amended by L.1938, c. 399, p. 988, s. 1. NJSA 19:19-9 Contents of statement of canvass; certification Each of such statements shall contain the name of each election district, the number of names on the signature copy register or the register of voters, the number of names of the voters on the poll books of each election district, and of the ballots rejected, and the whole number of such names registered and rejected ballots in all of such election districts; the number of votes cast in each election district for each person for whom any vote or votes shall have been cast for any office to be filled or any public question to be voted upon at the election, mentioning the office for which each person shall have been designated and the name of such person (which numbers of names and numbers of votes cast, and of ballots rejected, may be in figures), and the whole number of votes which shall have been given for each person for any such office, mentioning the office for which each person shall have been designated, and the name of the person (which numbers of votes and the names of persons and election districts shall be in words, written at full length). There shall also be specified in the statements each public question voted upon at the election and the votes cast thereupon. Each of the statements shall be certified to be true and correct by a certificate which shall be appended to the same, signed by the members of the board making the canvass. NJSA 19:19-10 Form of statement of canvass The statements shall be in substantially the following form: "A statement of the result of election held in the county of, on the day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and , to elect a member of the senate, members of the general assembly, a sheriff and coroners of said county (naming the officers as the case may be), together with the public questions voted upon, made by the board of county canvassers of said county." NJSA 19:19-11 Form of certificate to statement of canvass The certificate shall be in substantially the following form: "I do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true, full and correct statement of the result of the election above-mentioned, as the same is exhibited by the statements produced and laid before the board of county canvassers according to law, and that the same exhibits the number of the names in the signature copy registers and the registers of voters, the number of names of the voters in the poll books of the election districts, respectively, and of the ballots rejected, the whole number of the names in the signature copy registers and the registers of voters, the whole number of names of the voters in the poll books of the several election districts, the name of each person for whom any vote or votes were cast, the number of votes cast for each person in each election district, and the whole number of votes cast for each person for each office designated, and also specifies each public question voted upon and the number of votes cast thereupon in each election district respectively, and the whole number of votes cast thereupon in the several election districts as they appear by the statements so produced and laid before the said board. In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand, this day of , in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and Chairman of the board of county canvassers. Attest: , Clerk." NJSA 19:19-12 Statements to county clerk and chairmen of Republican and Democratic State Committees The board shall deliver one of the statements to the clerk of the county, who shall forthwith file the same, and one statement to the respective chairmen of the Republican and Democratic State Committees. Amended by L.1938, c. 399, p. 989, s. 2. NJSA 19:19-13 Other statement delivered to secretary of state The clerk of the board shall inclose and seal up the other statement and deliver or safely transmit the same so inclosed and sealed up, to the secretary of state at Trenton, so that he shall receive the same within three days next after the meeting of the board, and he shall forthwith file the same. NJSA 19:19-14 Statements of results by district boards preserved All the statements made by the district boards and copies of such statements which shall be produced and laid before the board shall, by it be delivered to the clerk of the county, and shall be filed and preserved by him in his office for a period of five years. NJSA 19:19-15 Secretary of state to procure missing statements If the secretary of state shall not, on or before the seventh day after the time appointed for the meeting of the board of canvassers in the several counties, have received the statements of the result of such election in every county hereinbefore directed to be delivered or transmitted to him by the clerk of the board, such secretary shall forthwith, by a special messenger or otherwise, obtain the statement or statements as are lacking; and for this purpose a copy of the statement directed to be filed with the clerk of the county, certified by such clerk, shall be sufficient. NJSA 19:19-16 Defective statements completed by secretary of state When and as soon as such secretary shall receive or obtain any statement of the result of such election, in any county, in the manner hereinbefore provided for, he shall ascertain whether or not the statement includes the statement of the results of the election in every election district of the county; and if it appears to him that the statement of the result of election in any election district is not exhibited by or included in the statement of the result of the election in the county, he shall forthwith ascertain whether or not a copy of the lacking statement has been received in his office; and if it appears to him that such copy has not been so received, he shall forthwith, by special messenger or otherwise, obtain a copy of the statement directed to be filed with the clerk of the county, or with the clerk of any municipality within the county, certified by such clerk, which shall be sufficient. NJSA 19:19-17 Statements delivered to messenger of secretary of state The district board, the clerk or the chairman of the board of canvassers of any county, or any other person who shall be in possession of any statement, or copy of any statement, which shall have been made and subscribed under the provisions of this title, shall forthwith, on application by any messenger who shall have been dispatched for the same by the secretary of state, deliver to the messenger such statement or copy. The messenger shall be commissioned as such in writing, under the hand and official seal of the secretary of state, and shall exhibit his commission to the person to whom he shall apply for such statement or copy; and when he shall have obtained the statement or copy he shall forthwith deliver the same to the secretary of state. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate