Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-1222a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 22, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State ‘The Best Man: The Final Chapters’ Premiered on Peacock on December 22 Limited series filmed in New Jersey NEWARK, N.J. The latest installment of the popular and successful The Best Man franchise returned to New Jersey for the filming of its conclusion. The Best Man: The Final Chapters will bring viewers up-to-date on the lives of its endearing characters Lance (Morris Chestnut), Shelby (Melissa De Sousa), Harper (Taye Diggs), Candy (Regina Hall), Quentin (Terrence Howard), Robyn (Sanaa Lathan), Jordan (Nia Long), and Julian (Harold Perrineau). Relationships evolve and past grievances resurface in the unpredictable stages of midlife crisis meets midlife renaissance. Produced by Universal Television, the limited dramedy series is written and executive produced by original creator and writer Malcolm D. Lee and Dayna Lynne. Sean Daniel (Best Man Holiday) also serves as executive producer. The eight episode program has just begun streaming on Peacock. The original Universal feature The Best Man (1999) was partially filmed on location in Alpine and Secaucus. The Final Chapters shot in Alpine once again and on many other New Jersey locations including the Red Bull Arena in Harrison, W Hotel in Hoboken, Montgomery Street in Jersey City, Military Park in Newark, Bloomfield Avenue in Montclair, Glenpointe East in Teaneck, Montclair State University and Fairleigh Dickinson University, and at Palisade Stages in Kearny. “Since the reinstatement of the film tax credit program, the state has successfully attracted long-running movie and television franchises to New Jersey,” said Governor Phil Murphy . “These projects solidify New Jersey as a go-to filming destination. We are delighted that acclaimed director Malcolm D. Lee returned to the state for the climactic episodes of The Best Man.” “I am thrilled to see yet another great film production in New Jersey and the continued success of the Film & Digital Media Tax Credit Program,” said First Lady Tammy Murphy . “There are so many unique locations for filming across our state, and we are delighted to welcome these companies and highlight all we have to offer.” Universal Television took advantage of New Jersey’s Film & Digital Media Tax Credit Program in the production of this series. The Tax Credit Program offers eligible production companies up to 35% transferable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, plus an additional 2%-4% diversity bonus for qualified productions. Universal Television reported hiring 150 cast and crew members for the filming of The Best Man: The Final Chapters, spending over $45 million in New Jersey for labor, goods, and services according to David Smith, Vice Chairman of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission . Other projects recently filmed in the state include M. Night Shyamalan’s Knock at the Cabin, Spinning Gold, a biopic of 1970s record producer Neil Bogart, Zach Braff’s A Good Person, and AMC's The Walking Dead: Dead City all set to be released in 2023. “The Best Man is a cultural touchstone, and we are excited that New Jersey plays an important role in this beloved series,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “We look forward to having New Jersey set the scene for many important and significant projects to come.” About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate