Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-0520.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 20, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Business Action Center Offers Digital Guide to Business Assistance & Incentive Programs Business questions? NJBAC has answers! TRENTON, NJ - New Jersey business owners can now easily access all they need to know about available assistance and incentive programs in the state thanks to a new addition to the New Jersey Business Action Center’s website. NJBAC, a division of the Department of State, is a business-first resource that can help businesses get answers from government agencies, direct them to appropriate officials or contacts, and more. Part of the Center’s mission is to make information about starting and growing a business in the Garden State readily accessible to main street businesses, the largest corporations, and every business in between. The latest update to the NJBAC website does just that. The Business Assistance & Incentive Programs page, found at https://www.state.nj.us/state/ba-ip-guide/index.shtml , allows business owners to explore a wide range of topics. They include: Small & mid-sized business assistance programs Emerging technology and life science assistance programs Job creation and retention incentive programs Urban Enterprise Zone programs Main Street New Jersey Renewable energy Real estate The guide is a companion to the help businesses can also obtain directly from the NJBAC’s business advocates, a team of experts who understand the business climate and the regulations in place. While our office is based in Trenton, our team members travel the Garden State each week helping businesses with the daily issues they face at no cost to them and in a confidential setting. Our Business Helpline, 1-800-JERSEY-7, is staffed each weekday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. with real people ready to answer questions. We pride ourselves on always getting back to clients within 24 hours if the questions they have require additional research. As NJBAC Executive Director Melanie Willoughby often says, “We are from the government and we are here to help.” Learn more about the New Jersey Business Action Center at https://www.state.nj.us/state/bac/bac.shtml and find NJBAC on LinkedIn and @NJ_BAC on Twitter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate