Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/governor/news/news/562024/approved/20240212a.shtml

Office of the Governor | Governor Murphy, Lieutenant Governor Way Announce Arianna Mouré as Executive Director of New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Dislaimer Get Updates close Search close Back to top Governor Phil Murphy Twitter Facebook YouTube Instagram Snapchat Governor Murphy, Lieutenant Governor Way Announce Arianna Mouré as Executive Director of New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission 02/12/2024 Mouré Becomes Commission’s First Executive Director TRENTON – Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Arianna Mouré as the Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. With this appointment, Mouré becomes the first full-time staff member of the Commission. “New Jersey’s Puerto Rican community adds to the unique diversity of our state,” said Governor Murphy. “Arianna has dedicated much of her career and spare time to serving the Puerto Rican community, having deep familial ties in the region. Puerto Rico has so much to offer, and I am thrilled to witness the collaboration that Arianna and the Commission will build on between our two regions.” “Arianna has a great deal of knowledge and passion when it comes to the Puerto Rican community in New Jersey,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who also serves as Secretary of State. “Following Hurricane Maria, and the many other natural disasters that have struck the island, it’s important that we continue to stay connected and support Puerto Rico and the many families that have come to our state from the region. As the Commission continues to take shape, I am eager to work with Arianna to build on the New Jersey-Puerto Rican connection.” The New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, which falls under the Department of State, was established in 2020 with the Governor’s signing of S-2656 /A-4188. In 2021, Governor Murphy announced 29 appointments to the Commission. The Commission was established in the wake of Hurricane Maria to build upon efforts to promote interconnectivity between Puerto Ricans living in New Jersey and on the island. In addition, the Commission will advance bilateral trade and investment, work on joint policy issues, encourage New Jersey companies to invest in Puerto Rico, and more. New Jersey is home to over 500,000 persons of Puerto Rican descent and it is estimated that 30,000 Puerto Ricans came to the state after being displaced by Hurricane Maria. “Gratitude abounds, Governor Philip Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Way, for entrusting me with this remarkable opportunity,” said Arianna Mouré, incoming Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. “I eagerly anticipate collaborating with Commission Co-Chairs Peggy Anastos and Jose Lozano, as well as the distinguished professionals who dedicate their expertise as Commissioners to the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. Thank you for the honor and privilege.” Mouré began her legal career as a law clerk for the Monmouth County Assignment Judge where she handled civil, criminal, and family law cases. She later went on to work at private law firms as outside counsel and corporate counsel for private entities and municipalities for 8 years. Prior to her legal career, Arianna was a professional sales representative for global companies covering the northern New Jersey and greater New York City area for 5 years prior to and during her first year of law school. Mouré has a passion for volunteerism and serving her community. She holds the position of Vice President of LUPE Fund Inc. and serves as the Membership Secretary of the Hispanic Bar Association of New Jersey (HBA-NJ), where she dedicates her time to advancing the public interest through educational initiatives, resource provision, and empowerment of Latinas, fostering leadership and civic engagement within the community. Mouré holds a Juris Doctor from Seton Hall University School of Law and a Bachelor of Art in Political Science and Criminal Justice from Rutgers University—New Brunswick. “I applaud the appointment of Arianna Mouré as Executive Director of the Puerto Rico Commission and look forward to working with her on the important work of the commission,” said Senator Nellie Pou. “New Jersey is home to a substantial Puerto Rican community that makes vital contributions to the state’s social, economic and cultural quality of life. It is important that we continue to promote a productive relationship between New Jersey and Puerto Rico in ways that benefit the state and the people of Puerto Rico. We have a strong bond that we can be proud of.” “As a proud Puerto Rican and prime sponsor of the legislation creating the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, I am excited to welcome Arianna Mouré as the new Executive Director,” said Assemblywoman Yvonne Lopez. “Over the course of its existence the Commission has been a strong tool of advocacy for New Jersey’s relationship with Puerto Rico and I know Arianna’s experience will undoubtedly add to the commission’s work of supporting the Puerto Rican community by furthering bilateral trade and investment and working on joint policy issues amongst many other initiatives.” "Congratulations, Arianna Mouré, on the historic appointment as the inaugural Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission! Arianna's dedication, vision, and leadership will undoubtedly pave the way for impactful collaborations and initiatives between New Jersey and Puerto Rico,” said Peggy Anastos, Co-Chair of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. "We welcome Arianna Mouré with open arms and look forward to her impactful leadership in advancing our mission. We are confident in the positive contributions she will bring to the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission,” said Jose Lozano, Co-Chair of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. For a photo of Arianna Mouré, click here . Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate