Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/volunteer-americorps-national-service.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service - AmeriCorps & National Service Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State AmeriCorps & National Service What's Happening in Service Through the mini grant provided by the America’s Service Commissions (ASC), NJ Commission on National and Community Service Youth Commission Member, Cameron McKenzie collaborated with the NJ AmeriCorps Watershed Ambassador’s program on their tree planting initiative. The service project was a resounding success, thanks to Cameron's support and the resources made available. Through its implementation this project enabled the AmeriCorps New Jersey Watershed Ambassadors Program to continue to address the critical need of environmental stewardship. Twenty trees were planted at five different locations across Camden, NJ. Under the leadership of AmeriCorps NJ Watershed Ambassador, Phuong Nguyen serving in WMA 18, the event saw enthusiastic participation from our volunteers. Volunteers from the NJ AmeriCorps PowerCorps Program and from the Camden County Municipal Utility Authority, made this initiative a success. Their volunteering is making a positive impact on the community through supporting urban forestry through tree plantings. The New Jersey AmeriCorps Program - Native American Advancement Corporation (NAAC) , New Jersey Conservation Foundation, the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection’s (DEP) Green Acres Program, and The Nature Conservancy acquired the property in August 2023. The forested 63-acre property is the traditional homeland of the Cohanzick Lenape people, who have cherished and cared for this land for thousands of years. View the inspiring story of the partnership that led to the Cohanzick Nature Reserve. This short video about the perils to our planet and the rematriation of lands to local indigenous people is presented in honor of the 100th anniversary of the Indian Citizenship Act of 1924. Nature for all(short movie) "In honor of the 100th anniversary of the Indian Citizenship Act. This short movie from the New Jersey Conservation Foundation, a work of art by Sourland Studios, beautifully captures this inspiring message of the perils of our planet and the significance of the rematriation movement. It is an inspiring story of the partnership that led to the Cohanzick Nature Reserve. The rematriation of lands to local Indigenous people, a significant pillar of the rematriation movement, is crucial for protecting our cultural heritage, preserving traditional knowledge, and fostering environmental sacred symbiosis rooted in centuries-old practices. The rematriation of the Cohanzick Nature Reserve marks a significant step in a nationwide movement, and how our collaborative efforts by the Native American Advancement Corporation (NAAC), New Jersey Conservation Foundation, New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection's (DEP) Green Acres Program, and The Nature Conservancy, can heal historical injustices. Acquired in August 2023, this 63-acre forested property in New Jersey returns to the Cohanzick Lenape people, the land's original inhabitants. This initiative honors our enduring connection to the land. It sets a precedent for similar efforts across the country, highlighting the importance of such partnerships in promoting social justice and sacred environmental symbiosis. We at NAAC will be forever grateful for these partnerships, the gift from the Creator, and the promise we keep for those of the next seven generations." For more information or to be a part of the NAAC AmeriCorps Program, visit the reserve page at Cohanzick Reserve - Native American Advancement Corporation (nativeadvancement.org) . AmeriCorps Fondly referred to as the “Domestic Peace Corps”, AmeriCorps is a network of local, state, and national service programs that connects over 70,000 Americans each year in intensive service to meet community needs in education, the environment, public safety, health, and homeland security. AmeriCorps’ members serve with more than 2,000 non-profits, public agencies, and community organizations. More than 8,100 people of all ages and backgrounds are helping to meet local needs, strengthen communities, and increase civic engagement through national service in New Jersey. Serving at more than 630 locations throughout the state, these citizens tutor and mentor children, support veterans and military families, provide health services, restore the environment, respond to disasters, increase economic opportunity, and recruit and manage volunteers. Benefits include the following: Building a close connection to your community Making a difference in the lives of New Jersey citizens Contributing to lasting change in the community where you serve Earning money for college or to pay back past student loans Building your resume Making lifelong friends Learning to be a leader CHANGING THE WORLD! How Do I Get Involved in AmeriCorps? It’s Easy! Simply fill out the AmeriCorps Application and send it to the program you are most interested in. New Jersey AmeriCorps Programs New Jersey Climate Corps Programs AmeriCorps State and National NCCC (National Civilian Community Corps) VISTA (Volunteers in Service to America) National Senior Service Corps Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ's) Other Ways to Volunteer : For other ways to volunteer without joining AmeriCorps or to search for a volunteer opportunity near you visit the statewide volunteer website www.volunteernewjersey.org Senior Corps Foster Grandparent Program The Foster Grandparent Program (FGP) began nationally in 1965 with 800 volunteers in more than 45 institutions serving children and youth with exceptional needs. Today, under the umbrella of AmeriCorps Seniors, nearly 30,000 volunteers serve more than 280,000 children through its national network of community based organizations. FGP is a federally funded project that empowers older adults, age 55 or older, to contribute to their communities through volunteer service. Volunteers’ skills and passions are matched with opportunities to support the goal of improving educational and behavioral outcomes. In addition to meeting community needs, the program enriches intergenerational bonds and promotes health benefits through social engagement and a sense of purpose to the lives of volunteers. The focus of the NJ Foster Grandparent Program is school readiness and K-12 education. This may include serving children and youth with exceptional needs and/or multiple disabilities and supporting after school programming. Volunteers are hands-on in the classroom. Placed in outcome-based assignments, they mentor, tutor, and nurture toddlers through school-aged youth. Volunteers assist with literacy, basic math, conversation, recreational activities, encourage student engagement in classroom learning experiences, and provide guidance in appropriate behavior and social development. The special child-grandparent relationship helps children feel secure, gain self-esteem and enjoy learning, leading to healthy minds and bodies that foster future educational success. Join the AmeriCorps Seniors/NJ Foster Grandparents Program today! Volunteer Generation Fund The Volunteer Generation Fund “Jersey Strong: I am a Volunteer”, is designed to strengthen the state's ability to engage more citizens in meaningful volunteer service and build capacity in more nonprofit organizations. The program design addresses the following Supporting community-based entities that recruit, manage, and support volunteers; Deploying skilled volunteers to strengthen the capacity of education-related nonprofits, including their ability to engage skill-based volunteers to effectively solve problems; and Expanding the capacity of New Jersey’s volunteer connector organizations to recruit, manage, support, and retain individuals in high quality volunteer assignments, particularly youth volunteers. Who is eligible to serve? New Jersey AmeriCorps members must meet all of the following qualifications: U.S. Citizen, national or lawful permanent resident alien At least 17 years old Have a high school diploma, GED or commit to earning a GED while serving Be able to serve a minimum of 300 hours to a maximum of 1,700 hours over one year Which AmeriCorps program is right for me? To determine which program is right for you, ask yourself a few questions: What area of service is most interesting to me – children/youth, education, the environment, healthy futures, disaster preparedness, veterans, economic development or capacity building? At what location would I like to do my term of service? Do I want to serve full time, part time or less? When asked why they serve, members responded as follows: Paige: "I serve to reach out to our neighbors in need, I serve for kindness, I serve to better my community. I help to bring others together so we all can see the bigger picture in life that we often miss when living our daily lives." Westin: "Why do I serve? I serve to give back. In this world, it's give and take. Everyone wants to take but then they don't want to give back. I look at the world differently than a lot of people and believe in the saying, you reap what you sow." Zaquan: "I serve because it gives me a chance to give back, play my part and allows me to be a part of something positive in my city." Mandatory National Service Criminal History Check Requirements for All AmeriCorps Programs In order to participate in AmeriCorps/SeniorCorps programing and receive grant funds, all members, and covered personnel who are in the budget – either as funded by the grant or as a match, must undergo background screening. While federal regulations require different checks under various circumstances, the state commission has streamlined the process to make it easier for member organizations and ensure compliance. As such, all relevant individuals should proceed through the below step by step criminal history check list by following the instructions given. Mandatory National Service Criminal History Check Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate