Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-1021.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 21, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Phiphen Studios Launches in Englewood Cliffs Ribbon cutting ceremony on October 22nd NEWARK, N.J. – Phiphen Studios, a boutique state-of-the art post-production house, is now open for business. The facility will be serving New Jersey's growing film community as studio, network, and independent productions continue flocking to the Garden State. “New Jersey continues to attract the kind of critical infrastructure that can support our burgeoning film and television industry and utilize our skilled workforce,” said Governor Phil Murphy . “We are delighted to add Phiphen Studios to our growing production community and look forward to welcoming the subsequent studios that plan to join us here in the Garden State.” “New Jersey is the birthplace of Solax, the first female-led studio built in the early 1900s by the extraordinary movie mogul and filmmaker Alice Guy-Blaché,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “We have now come full circle in welcoming the female-owned company Phiphen Studios to the state and we wish them much success.” “Phiphen Studios joins a community of savvy entertainment industry leaders who recognize New Jersey’s clear advantages for film production,” said New Jersey Economic Development Authority Chief Executive Officer Tim Sullivan . “As a woman-owned business, it’s also emblematic of Governor Phil Murphy’s vision for the film industry’s potential to create exciting and career defining opportunities for a diverse population of New Jersey workers and business owners.” This studio is the latest expansion of the New Jersey production company Phiphen, a female-led business founded by award-winning producers, Molly Connors and Jane Sinisi. “We couldn’t be more excited to cut the ribbon and fully launch Phiphen Studios in Englewood Cliffs. This has been a labor of love for our team and we’re so happy to welcome the film industry and our community to the studio,” said Molly Connors , COO of Phiphen Studios and CEO and founder of Phiphen. “We want to establish that New Jersey itself has its own identity to make amazing films and we are so grateful to share this moment with all of you. It is a major milestone for the film community and New Jerseyans, one that should be celebrated,” added Phiphen Studios CEO Jane Sinisi. Phiphen Studios adds to the production infrastructure that has been growing in New Jersey since the reinstatement of the New Jersey Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program, which offers eligible production companies up to 35% transferrable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, plus an additional 2% or 4% diversity bonus for qualified productions. Since 2021, several major studios have been built in-state including Palisade Stages and 10 Basin Studios in Kearny, Cinelease Studios Caven Point in Jersey City, and Sustainable Studios in Moonachie. The new facility offers 10,000 square feet of post-production and office space, in addition to a 25 seat 4K theater, executive suites, conference rooms, kitchens, and outdoor space. Recent productions filmed here include Paramount’s fright film Smile, M. Night Shyamalan’s upcoming feature Knock at the Cabin, AGC Studios and Netflix’s upcoming romantic comedy The Romantic Find starring Gabrielle Union, Apple TV+’s The Greatest Beer Run Ever and its critically acclaimed thriller series Severance, and such network television series and shows as CBS’ The Equalizer and FBI: Most Wanted, NBC’s Law & Order: Organized Crime, AMC’s The Walking Dead: City of the Dead, and MTV’s Wild ‘N Out. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate