Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0614a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 14, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Apple TV Plus’ Lisey’s Story Available on Streaming Service Limited miniseries filmed in New Jersey NEWARK, N.J. – The historic Van Liew-Suydam House in Franklin Township sets the scene for the horror miniseries Lisey’s Story , an adaptation of Stephen King’s novel of the same name. The show concerns a widow who becomes the object of a dangerous stalker, a man obsessed with her husband's work. King wrote the teleplay himself and Pablo Larraín directed. Lisey’s Story premiered on June 4th, and new episodes are being dropped each Friday through July 16th. King is no stranger to New Jersey, having worked here on several occasions. His other projects filmed in the state include the popular anthology feature Creepshow starring Ted Danson and Leslie Nielsen, some of which was filmed on Island Beach State Park, and Cat’s Eye with Drew Barrymore, shot partly in Atlantic City. Lisey’s Story stars Oscar winner Julianne Moore, Clive Owen, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Dane DeHaan. Emmy winner Ron Cephas Jones, who grew up in Paterson, also appears in the series in a supporting role. “We are delighted that Lisey’s Story was filmed at one of the many notable sites that comprise the cultural and historic tapestry that is New Jersey,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “Filmmakers continue to be attracted to the amazingly diverse locations and landscapes that the Garden State has to offer.” Two other Apple TV+ shows, Little America and Severance , were also filmed on location here in the past two years. Additional series produced in the Garden State recently include NBC’s The Enemy Within and Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector , CBS’ The Equalizer and Ways & Means , HBO’s The Plot Against America and Hulu’s Wu Tang Clan: An American Saga . About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate