Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0417.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 17, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Launches Film Ready New Jersey On Friday, New Jersey First Lady Tammy Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way joined the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission (NJMPTVC) as it launched Film Ready New Jersey at Kean University. With a growing film industry presence in New Jersey, the Film Ready program is designed to support municipalities and counties as they work to accommodate location filming and market their communities as filming destinations, positioning the state as a top production destination. County and municipal employees from Bergen, Hudson, Essex, Passaic, and Union counties were invited to participate in the program. The Film Ready event began with remarks from First Lady Tammy Murphy, Secretary of State Tahesha Way, and Union County Commission Chair Sergio Granados. “New Jersey’s range of landscapes - from bustling cities like Newark and Jersey City, to idyllic and pristine beaches, to farmland, wetlands, and forests - makes our state a uniquely diverse destination for film and television production,” said First Lady Tammy Murphy. “As the film industry in our state grows, so will our tourism industry and economy. The Film Ready New Jersey program will not only ensure municipalities are prepared to accommodate on location filming, but it will also educate municipal leaders on how to market their communities as ideal filming destinations, helping us to show the world all that there is to love about our state.” “We are thrilled that film production is booming here,” said Secretary Way. “Film Ready New Jersey will help ensure that our communities are prepared and benefit as this industry continues to grow.” “We are excited to roll out the Film Ready New Jersey Program to additional municipalities. The State of New Jersey offers many advantages to the film and television industry, and the cooperation of our communities is foremost among them. We are encouraging our cities and towns to welcome filmmakers with open arms, and the Film Ready New Jersey Program is designed to facilitate that,” said NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission’s Executive Director Steven Gorelick. “Partnerships with our municipal and county governments are vital to the state’s success.” Following their remarks, Elizabeth Parchment and Steve Gorelick of the NJMPTVC began the instructional portion of the event, outlining the Film Ready New Jersey certification process. The program continued with information about marketing communities for filmmaking, creating film-related municipal ordinances, safe film set protocols with police, fire, and first responders, and more. The 5-step certification and marketing program sets basic standards for attracting filmmaking and aims to make New Jersey a real production destination. With this program, municipalities will be able to attract filmmakers, and showcase their communities as filming destinations. Included below are photographs from the program. Film Ready New Jersey was originally created as a pilot program in Fall 2022, with four Somerset County communities (Franklin, Hillsborough, South Bound Brook, and Watchung) working with the Commission to complete the training and certification process to be designated “Film Ready Communities.” Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate