Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-1126.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - November 26, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Motion Picture Commission Launches Reel-Scout Partnership Interactive Digital Location Library Showcases Diverse NJ Locations Available for Film and TV Productions NEWARK, N.J. —The New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission (NJMPTVC) has recently partnered with Reel-Scout™ to expand its digital location library and enhance its production management and client services. The Reel-Scout™ software is a fully-integrated system, equipping film offices with a content-rich and fully searchable locations gallery, allowing New Jersey to showcase all the diverse locations it has to offer. The software’s project management tool helps manage the unique operations of the Film Commission—including recruiting and attracting productions—as well as effectively tracking the agency’s integral role in the production process. The commission staff is adding new locations daily to the new system with 10,000 images already online and counting, a substantial increase over the commission’s previous online library. “Each region of New Jersey has its own unique characteristics and we’re putting them on full display,” said Executive Director Steven Gorelick. “Reel-Scout has given us the necessary tools to do so, which will be beneficial to filmmakers worldwide looking for filming locations.” Two highly anticipated and notable features that recently filmed in New Jersey are the Netflix feature “Army of the Dead,” a zombie outbreak film set in Las Vegas, directed by Zack Snyder and starring Dave Bautista; and Steven Spielberg’s big screen remake of “West Side Story” from Twentieth Century Fox starring New Jersey-native Rachel Zegler. ABC’s “Emergence,” created by Tara Butters and Michele Fazekas and starring Allison Toman, is a mystery-themed television series currently filming its first season in the Garden State, along with NBC’s “Lincoln,” set to begin airing next year. Filmed at the Showboat Hotel on the famous Atlantic City Boardwalk in Atlantic City, “Army of the Dead” is likely to release in Winter 2020 on Netflix. The Atlantic City Boardwalk is the longest in America and the oldest in the world. Steven Spielberg’s “West Side Story” transformed parts of Newark and Paterson into New York City, circa the late 1950s. “Emergence” filmed in parts of Montclair, Kearny, Passaic, Atlantic Highlands, and Berkeley Township, while “Lincoln” filmed in East Rutherford, Kearny, and Paramus. All four projects have applied for the state’s Film Tax Credit. Since the revival of the state’s Film Tax Credit Program, which offers eligible production companies a 30-35% transferrable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, plus an additional 2% diversity bonus for qualified productions, New Jersey locations are in high-demand. Property owners wanting to market their locations to studios, production companies, and location scouts across the world can submit their properties at no cost using the commission’s website. Available filming locations can be viewed on the commission’s digital library at www.film.nj.gov . About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, formed in 1978, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The commission also promotes the film and television industry in New Jersey. Learn more at www.film.nj.gov or contact the commission at njfilm@sos.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate