Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-1220.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 20, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Cannabis Advocate Named as Consultant to Build No-Cost Cannabis Technical Assistance Program Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) has selected Jersey City attorney Jessica Gonzalez and her firm, Veridis Quo LLC, as its consultant to develop and launch the NJBAC Cannabis Technical Assistance Program and Training Academy. Gonzalez has been in the forefront of New Jersey’s campaign to legalize recreational cannabis and has successfully guided entrepreneurs through the application process. She has served in leadership positions with national cannabis associations: the International Cannabis Bar Association and Minorities for Medical Marijuana as well the Minority Cannabis Business Association’s policy committee. In addition to being a cannabis champion, Gonzalez is a devoted advocate working on behalf of marginalized groups to be able to enter the highly competitive industry. “We’re excited to take the next step to make New Jersey’s Cannabis Training Academy a reality for applicants in the social equity, legacy, Impact Zone, diverse-owned and micro-business categories,” said NJBAC Executive Director Melanie Willoughby. “Jessica’s experience as an attorney, educator and advocate is a tremendous advantage to get this no-cost technical assistance off the ground as quickly as possible,” she said. Gonzalez and her team will provide foundational start-up support, to be replaced by a permanent Executive Director later in 2023. The New Jersey Business Action Center is housed in the Secretary of State’s Office. Jessica Gonzalez Bio: Jessica Gonzalez currently serves as a Cannabis and Trademark attorney as well as a cannabis adjunct professor. Jessica led the social impact committee for NJ CAN 2020, the coalition that ran the most successful cannabis legalization campaign in the country. Through her advocacy work, Jessica has helped shape cannabis policy on the statutory, regulatory, and municipal levels in New Jersey. As a cannabis attorney, Jessica has assisted clients navigate the legal cannabis industry in the areas of trademark and state licensing applications. Jessica has been recognized as one of the “Top 100 Most Influential People” in Cannabis by High Time’s Magazine, “Top 40 under 40 Rising Stars” by Marijuana Venture Magazine, designated as a “Cannabis Law Trailblazer" by the National Law Journal, awarded “Community Game Changer of the Year” by NJ Cannabis Media and recognized as one of the top 20 cannabis influencers in NJ three years in a row. Jessica was also named on NJBIZ’s Next Generation of Leaders List for 2021 for her work influencing cannabis policy in New Jersey. Jessica is also an alumni of the New Jersey New Leaders Council, a national organization that selects civic leaders in their respective fields. In 2022, Jessica was appointed Co-Director of the Student Committee for the International Cannabis Bar Association and previously was the Co-Chair of the Social Equity CLE series. She's been quoted and featured in numerous media outlets such as New York Times, Rolling Stone, NJ Law Journal, Cheddar, and the Cannabis Business Times. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate