Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-military-and-overseas.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Military and Overseas Voting Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Military and Overseas Voting The information in this section is provided to assist New Jersey members of the military or other uniformed services, and the civilian voters living overseas to vote in the upcoming 2025 Primary Election . These voters have several options for voter registration and the means by which they can request and obtain a ballot. Specifically, these voters can request and return a ballot by electronic transmission (fax or as an email attachment). To begin, here are the definitions of the voters entitled to use these options: Military Voters A military voter is a voter who is absent from his or her New Jersey residence on election day; and is entitled to vote whether he or she is living elsewhere in New Jersey (i.e. a military installation), outside of New Jersey or outside the United States. A "military voter" includes New Jersey citizens who are members of the Uniformed Services, Merchant Marine, Commissioned Corps of the Public Health Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. A spouse or dependent of a member of the military or other uniformed services is also considered to be a "military voter". Overseas Voters An "overseas voter" is a voter who is living outside of the United States and who was residing in New Jersey immediately prior to departure. Note: The overseas voter need not have been registered to vote in New Jersey prior to going outside of the United States, but must have been domiciled in New Jersey and have possessed the qualifications to register and vote in New Jersey. Voter Registration Process All military voters and overseas voters must be registered to vote in order to obtain a ballot for the June Election. You can use a state form: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/voter-registration.shtml Or a federal postcard application ("FPCA"): https://www.fvap.gov/ Mail-in Ballot Application Process Forms You can use a New Jersey mail-in ballot application: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-by-mail.shtml Or a federal postcard application ("FPCA"): https://www.fvap.gov/ Note: ONLY the federal postcard application can be used for both voter registration and ballot request. If you use the New Jersey forms, you must separately submit a New Jersey voter registration form and a New Jersey mail-in ballot application Applications can be obtained from your County Clerk's office or the Secretary of State Office: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-by-mail.shtml Note: If you do not know which county clerk's office to send the application, you should contact the New Jersey Division of Elections or call 1-877-NJVOTER Delivery Options for Receiving A Ballot: You can request you receive a ballot by air-mail, fax or email. If you request you receive a ballot by fax, you must provide a telephone number on the application. If you request you receive a ballot by email, you must provide and email address on the application. Delivery of Ballot Application: You can mail, fax or email the application. Delivery Requirements for Voted Ballot: A completed ballot must be sent back to the appropriate county board of election, by 8:00 p.m. election night , which is the time for the close of the polls. If you mail your ballot it must be postmarked on or before Election Day. If you fax or email your ballot it must be received by 8:00 p.m. election night . SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS FOR BALLOTS RETURNED BY FAX OR EMAIL: The voter who faxes or emails his or her voted ballot, must also air mail the original ballot materials to the county board of election. Federal Write-In Absentee Ballots (FWAB): Federal law also provides for the use of a federal write-in ballot for federal elections for use by an overseas voter who makes a timely application for, but does not receive, his or her state mail-in ballot. To get a federal mail-in ballot, go to https://www.fvap.gov/ . You can email or fax your FWAB to your county board of election. If you fax or email the ballot, you must also sign and send the FWAB cover sheet. This cover sheet must be sent for faxed and emailed ballots because it constitutes a waiver of secrecy for such ballot because the ballot is not being sent in an enclosed envelope, as air-mailed ballots. Be assured however, that election officials are legally obligated to never disclose any one's vote. A Federal write-in absentee ballot of an absent uniformed services voter or overseas voter shall not be counted- if the ballot is submitted from any location in the United States; if the application of the absent uniformed services voter or overseas voter for a State absentee ballot is received by the appropriate State election official after the deadline to apply for an overseas ballot; if the ballot is received after the deadline for the ballot to be received by the County Board of Elections. Note: If the voter submits a federal write-in ballot for the federal primary election and later receives the state ballot, he or she may also send in the state ballot (presumably if the voter thinks that the state ballot can be received by the close of the polls) and should indicate that he or she had previously sent in the federal write-in ballot. Page Last Updated: 1/08/25 Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate