Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/resources/grant-opportunities/

Grant Opportunities Skip to Content New Jersey Business Action Center Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close Department of State New Jersey Business Action Center The Hon. Tahesha Way, Secretary of State Chat with us or call us at 1-800-Jersey-7 Grant Opportunities Request for Funding a Business Marketing Initiative Grant Proposals Due Date: February 14, 2025 at 12:00 PM The New Jersey Department of State (“NJDOS”) is seeking proposals to award a grant for $2,000,000 to develop and execute a business marketing initiative to highlight the benefits of doing business in the state of New Jersey and to encourage national and international business entities to relocate and expand in State. The NJDOS is seeking these proposals from qualified New Jersey non-profit 501c3 entities specializing in state or international based economic development marketing, with demonstrated prior experience in working with other governmental or public entities for the purposes of business marketing. The selected entity will create, develop and implement a new business marketing initiative and messaging for the State of New Jersey. The initiative will be crafted to attract business to New Jersey by utilizing various types of media, as deemed appropriate. The entity should have proven prior extensive experience in marketing, collateral development and media placement. The entity should also have the ability to provide research through a comprehensive library of databases and reference material at their disposal, along with a large experienced support team of employees with the adequate work experience to handle the types of research, contacts and knowledge to create and implement the awareness marketing plan. Download the Request for Funding a Business Marketing Initiative FY24 Business Marketing Initiative Grant Proposals Due Date: December 4, 2023 at 12:00 PM The New Jersey Department of State (“NJDOS”) is seeking proposals to award a grant for $5,000,000 to develop and execute a business marketing initiative to highlight the benefits of doing business in the state of New Jersey and to encourage national and international business entities to relocate and expand in State. The NJDOS is seeking these proposals from qualified New Jersey non-profit 501c3 entities specializing in state or international based economic development marketing, with demonstrated prior experience in working with other governmental or public entities for the purposes of business marketing. The selected entity will create, develop and implement a new business marketing initiative and messaging for the State of New Jersey. The initiative will be crafted to attract business to New Jersey by utilizing various types of media, as deemed appropriate. The entity should have proven prior extensive experience in marketing, collateral development and media placement. The entity should also have the ability to provide research through a comprehensive library of databases and reference material at their disposal, along with a large experienced support team of employees with the adequate work experience to handle the types of research, contacts and knowledge to create and implement the awareness marketing plan. Download the Grant Proposal Application New Jersey State Trade Expansion Program Through the SBA, the New Jersey Business Action Center received funding for the NJ STEP to provide financial awards on a first come, first served competitive basis, to domestic New Jersey eligible small businesses that are new to export, as well as those businesses who currently sell their goods and services to other countries. For NJ STEP consideration, your business must be: Registered in, and domestic to, New Jersey Small as defined by the SBA In business for at least one year as of the date of the application NJ tax compliant Manufacturing goods or producing services that contain at least 51% U.S. content Registered with NJ START and have a DUNS number Eligible businesses for the New Jersey State Trade Expansion Program will be considered to receive financial awards to partially offset export promotion costs such as the following: Website and e-commerce fees to attract international buyers Design of international marketing media Participation in international trade missions Participation in international and U.S. trade events Participation in Department of Commerce organized trade missions Fees for services provided by the U.S. Commercial Service (USCS) How to apply for a NJ STEP Grant Grant Opportunities Podcasts Publications Webinars Financial Assistance Our advocates can refer you to a variety of financing options available to your business through the NJ Economic Development Authority and community based micro-lending organizations. Technical Assistance Our advocates can assist you with technical business matters like licensing and certifications, business registration and more. Workforce Development We can advise your business on available workforce development services, programs, systems and networks that provide access to skill development for new and existing employees. Connect With us Call Our Business Helpline 1-800-Jersey-7 (1-800-537-7397) Request a Meeting With Us Connect With Us Have a question or concern that we can help address? Contact us by phone or email, or reach out through the Business First Stop chat box. Get in Touch Success Stories Previous Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Next View All Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate