Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2015-0312.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - March 12, 2015 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Christie Administration Announces Record-Breaking $42 Billion Tourism Expenditures in 2014 Strong Visitor Expenditures and Fifth Year of Increased Tourist Visits Accelerate Garden State Tourism in 2014 TRENTON, N.J. – At today’s 2015 New Jersey Conference on Tourism in Atlantic City, Acting Governor Kim Guadagno announced that 2014 proved to be an exceptional year for New Jersey’s tourism industry. Overall tourism-related demand generated a record-breaking $42.1 billion, a 3.8 percent increase over 2013. Visitation in New Jersey also rose to 93.2 million in 2014, a 4.4 percent increase compared to 2013. “With the Jersey Shore as the mainstay of our tourism industry, our challenge has been to broaden our vision and spread the word about the countless other, often lesser-known, tourist and recreational opportunities in New Jersey,” said Acting Governor Guadagno. “The news from across the State is great: our non-Shore counties now account for 51.2 percent of all tourism spending. In 2014, 20 of 21 counties saw an increase in tourism industry sales. Together, we are showing our residents, the nation and the world that there are opportunities for enjoyment in every part of this great state.” Hosted by the New Jersey Tourism Industry Association (NJTIA), the annual Conference on Tourism brings industry representatives together for educational sessions, networking and information on industry trends and best practices. “Tourism in our state is extremely vibrant,” said NJTIA President Sharon Franz, the Sales & Marketing Director at Steel Pier in Atlantic City. “Couple that with the variety of our attractions and destinations, and it becomes easy and enjoyable to find outstanding work being done in the industry.” According to The Economic Impact of Tourism in New Jersey Report released today by the Department of State’s Division of Travel and Tourism, New Jersey’s travel and tourism industry directly supports 315,952 jobs. When combined with indirect and induced jobs, tourism sustained nearly 508,000 jobs, approximately 10 percent of all jobs in New Jersey. Other highlights of the annual tourism report include: Tourism generated $36.4 billion of state GDP in 2014, or 6.6 percent of the entire state economy. Gloucester, Salem and Union Counties saw double-digit percent increases in tourism sales over 2013. 2014 marked the fifth straight year of growth in visits, with a more than 40 percent increase in visits since 2009. The Economic Impact of Tourism in New Jersey Report, prepared by Tourism Economics, can be found in its entirety at http://www.visitnj.org/ . View acting Governor Guadagno’s remarks from the Conference . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate