Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-1115.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - November 15, 2021, NJ Historical Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Women Vote Video Series Awarded an Emmy NJ Historical Commission Series on Voting History Wins in the Competitive NY Region Trenton, NJ – NJ Women Vote , a video series created by the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, was awarded an Emmy in the competitive New York Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences on October 30, 2021 in the category of Historical/Cultural-Short Form Content. Over the course of five, 90-second installments, the series explores the changes to voting rights in New Jersey over time, noting who determined the limits of suffrage, and how those who were denied the franchise sought to secure it. It also highlights leading voices in New Jersey’s suffrage movements, and examines the challenges that racism, sexism, and classism presented in the fight for the ballot. “While the Nineteenth Amendment legally granted American women the right to vote, the franchise remained restricted for Black, Native American, and immigrant women even after its passage,” said NJHC Executive Director Sara Cureton. “The NJ Women Vote series seeks to reveal the complicated story of women’s suffrage, covering the diverse women across time who advocated for voting rights here in New Jersey. It reminds us that the fight to vote continues to this day.” NJ Women Vote, produced by award-winning PCK Media , was released in 2020 as part of the state’s partnership to commemorate the centennial of the Nineteenth Amendment, NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100. The partnership, co-chaired by New Jersey First Lady Tammy Murphy and New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, included over 70 individuals and organizations engaged in planning major projects and events related to the history of voting in New Jersey. Two lead partners in this effort, the Alice Paul Institut e and Middlesex County, NJ , co-sponsored the video series. “The NJ Women Vote series provides historical context,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “Only a little over 100 years ago, women in the United States could not vote. Thanks to the diverse activists who fought for decades to achieve this right, and to those who continue to do so today, we can actively participate in our democracy.” “Understanding the past is essential to our future,” observed First Lady Tammy Murphy. “The NJ Women Vote initiative and this excellent video series highlight the relevance of history to the challenges we face right now. The Governor and I are delighted that the New Jersey Historical Commission has been recognized for its outstanding work in developing programs that engage our residents and visitors in exploring the past and how it shapes our lives today.” To view the video series, visit the NJHC’s website and YouTube page . About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate