Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0217.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 17, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Well Represented At Entertainment Awards Shows New Jersey film fans have plenty of reasons to celebrate this year as the 78th Golden Globe Awards get underway on Sunday, February 28, in Beverly Hills. The list of nominees includes several projects and artists with strong connections to the Garden State, according to the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission. Topping the list is The Trial of the Chicago 7 , with five nominations – Best Motion Picture - Drama, Best Actor in A Supporting Role (Sacha Baron Cohen), Best Director and Best Screenplay (Aaron Sorkin), and Best Original Song – Motion Picture. This acclaimed Netflix drama was filmed predominantly in Paterson, at the former Community Baptist Church of Love where the courtroom scenes were staged, and at a mansion in the Eastside Historic District. Additional scenes were filmed in Newark, Clifton, Hoboken and Montclair, and at Saint Elizabeth University in Morristown and Fairleigh Dickinson University in Madison. Al Pacino, star of Amazon Prime’s Hunters , is nominated for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series. Hunters was filmed partly in Newark and Paterson. The U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs on Washington Place was used to represent the Zurich International World Bank, and additional scenes were shot on Halsey Street. Filming also took place in Paterson, a section of which was transformed into the Warsaw Ghetto for flashback scenes. Three New Jerseyans are also celebrating Golden Globe nominations. West Windsor native Ethan Hawke, who has gone on to great fame, is nominated for Best Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture for Television for The Good Lord Bird . Ramy Youssef, star of the Hulu television series Ramy , is nominated for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy, after having won in this category last year. Raised in Rutherford, Youssef attended Rutherford High School and Rutgers University - Newark. Tom Bernard, who serves on the board of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission, is co-founder of Sony Pictures Classics. His company racked up five Golden Globe nominations this year for the movies The Father and French Exit . The 2021 Screen Actors Guild Award nominees also include New Jersey-related projects and individuals. The Trial of the Chicago 7 is up for Outstanding Performance by a Cast, Outstanding Performance by a Supporting Actor – Sacha Baron Cohen, and Outstanding Stunt Performance. In the television arena, Ramy Yousef is nominated for Ramy and Ethan Hawke for The Good Lord Bird . “Motion picture and television production not only brings economic benefits and employment to New Jersey, but image enhancement as well,” said Steven Gorelick, Executive Director of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission. “We congratulate all of this year’s nominees who, by virtue of their excellence, shine a light on the state’s bustling production industry.” About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate