Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/voter-registration.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Register to Vote! Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Register to Vote! Voter Registration Deadline for the Primary Election is May 20, 2025. Online Voter Registration Fill out your voter registration application online. Registration Applications Fill out your voter registration application by paper. Am I Registered? Use the “Voter Search” to make sure your registration status is up to date. Student Registration Voter Registration & Voting information for Students Online Voter Registration To register online, you will need your date of birth and one of the following forms of identification: A current and valid Driver’s License or a non-driver Identification Card (ID card) issued by the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission (MVC) Your information will be provided to the MVC to validate identification, and to retrieve a copy of your digitized signature. -or- A Social Security number To use your social security number, you must have the ability to sign on-screen or upload your signature to complete the registration process. If you are unable to provide a digital signature, you can not register online. Click here to download the voter registration application for your county. Register to Vote Online Voter Registration Requirements To register in New Jersey, you must be: A United States citizen At least 17 years old, though you may not vote until you have reached the age of 18 A resident of the county for 30 days before the election A person not serving a sentence of incarceration as the result of a conviction of any indictable offense under the laws of this or another state or of the United States. The registrant must complete a Voter Registration Application and/or Party Affiliation Form. Mail or deliver the Voter Registration Application and/or Party Affiliation Form to the County Commissioner of Registration or Superintendent of Elections for your county. You are not eligible to register to vote if: You are serving a sentence of Incarceration as a result of a conviction of an indictable offense under the laws of this or another state or of the United States. The registration deadline to vote in the next election is 21 days prior to the election day. Voter Registration Paper Applications Expand the list below and select your county. Download the form, fill it out, print it out and send it into your County Commissioner of Registration or Superintendent of Elections for your county. Voter Registration Paper Applications - By County Atlantic County Voter Registration Applications Atlantic County Voter Registration Application - English Atlantic County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Bergen County Voter Registration Applications Bergen County Voter Registration Application - English Bergen County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Bergen County Voter Registration Application - Korean Burlington County Voter Registration Applications Burlington County Voter Registration Application - English Burlington County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Camden County Voter Registration Applications Camden County Voter Registration Application - English Camden County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Cape May County Voter Registration Applications Cape May County Voter Registration Application - English Cape May County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Cumberland County Voter Registration Applications Cumberland County Voter Registration Application - English Cumberland County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Essex County Voter Registration Applications Essex County Voter Registration Application - English Essex County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Gloucester County Voter Registration Applications Gloucester County Voter Registration Application - English Gloucester County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Hudson County Voter Registration Applications Hudson County Voter Registration Application - English Hudson County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Hunterdon County Voter Registration Applications Hunterdon County Voter Registration Application - English Hunterdon County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Mercer County Voter Registration Applications Mercer County Voter Registration Application - English Mercer County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Middlesex County Voter Registration Applications Middlesex County Voter Registration Application - English Middlesex County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Middlesex County Voter Registration Application - Gujarati Middlesex County Voter Registration Application - Hindi Middlesex County Voter Registration Application - Punjabi Monmouth County Voter Registration Applications Monmouth County Voter Registration Application - English Monmouth County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Morris County Voter Registration Applications Morris County Voter Registration Application - English Morris County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Ocean County Voter Registration Applications Ocean County Voter Registration Application - English Ocean County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Passaic County Voter Registration Applications Passaic County Voter Registration Application - English Passaic County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Salem County Voter Registration Applications Salem County Voter Registration Application - English Salem County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Somerset County Voter Registration Applications Somerset County Voter Registration Application - English Somerset County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Sussex County Voter Registration Applications Sussex County Voter Registration Application - English Sussex County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Union County Voter Registration Applications Union County Voter Registration Application - English Union County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Warren County Voter Registration Applications Warren County Voter Registration Application - English Warren County Voter Registration Application - Espanol Statewide Voter Registration Applications Statewide Voter Registration Application - Arabic Statewide Voter Registration Application - Brazilian Portuguese Statewide Voter Registration Application - English Statewide Voter Registration Application - Espanol Statewide Voter Registration Application - European Portuguese Statewide Voter Registration Application - Gujarati Statewide Voter Registration Application - Haitian Creole Statewide Voter Registration Application - Hindi Statewide Voter Registration Application - Korean Statewide Voter Registration Application - Punjabi Statewide Voter Registration Application - Simplified Chinese Statewide Voter Registration Application - Traditional Chinese Voter Registration FAQs What is the Voter Registration Deadline? The Voter Registration Deadline is 21 days before the election. Primary Election – May 20, 2025 General Election – October 14, 2025 How can I register to vote? Voters can register to vote online or by filling out a paper registration form . How can I check my voter registration status? Voters can check their voter registration status on the "Am I Registered?" page on the New Jersey Voter Information Portal. What is considered an “Inactive” voter? An Inactive voter is a voter whose address has come into question. The main way the counties receive this information is via the sample ballots that are sent prior to each election. If a sample ballot is returned as undeliverable or indicates the voter has moved out of county/state, that voter is put into an “Inactive” status and is sent a confirmation notice informing them that they have until the second federal general election after the date of the notice to update their voting record or appear to vote and complete the necessary form or they will be removed from the voting rolls. Inactive voters do not get sample ballots and are not eligible to receive a vote by mail ballot until they are put back into an Active status. To update your record to active status through the online voter registration or using a paper registration form . Page Last Updated: 1/16/25 Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate