Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/volunteer-quarter-in-review-archive.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service - Quarter in Review Archive Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Quarter in Review Archive AmeriCorps Recovery Corps in Camden The program serves those in recovery from opioid and other additions. These AmeriCorps members made and donated blankets for the Mother and Child homeless shelter. Jewish Renaissance Foundation of Perth Amboy Please enjoy photos from our AmeriCorps MLK day of service, January 20, 2020. The event created care packages containing baby items to be readily available to offer women in both transitional housing and those fleeing domestic violence situations and living in DV shelters. 2019 AmeriCorps End-of-Year Event Please enjoy photos from our AmeriCorps End-of-Year event, May 31. Each program presented their achievements for the year and received an expression of appreciation from the NJ Commission on National and Community Service. We are approaching the 25th anniversary of AmeriCorps – so stay tuned! NJ Governor’s Jefferson Awards Students in Action Program Participated in three full day training conferences for the NJ Governor’s Jefferson Awards Students in Action Program. 250 students/administrators participated in the three day event. Trainings were held in Secaucus, Haddonfield and Trenton. Training provided was based on leadership training curriculum provided by the national office. New Jersey Governor’s Conference on Volunteerism and Service “It Starts With Us! Together Towards Tomorrow” – October 31, 2018, in New Brunswick, NJ from 7:30 am – 3:30 pm. The biennial New Jersey Governor’s Conference on Volunteerism and Service Conference is New Jersey’s leading event for organizations and individuals making a difference in their communities. This highly-interactive one day conference draws together 700 participants of all ages and backgrounds, and features a diverse array of instructional workshops, networking opportunities and an on-site service project. We’d appreciate it if you could please share this notice with your colleagues, partners and members. We hope you can join us! October 17, 2018 National Prescription Drug Take Back Day October 27 A message from the CEO of Corporation for National and Community Service The National Prescription Drug Take Back Day addresses a crucial public safety and public health issue. October 12, 2018 Donate to the Florida Disaster Fund Volunteer Florida, the state's lead agency for mobilizing volunteers and coordinating donations before, during and after disasters, is promoting donations to the Florida Disaster Fund to support the thousands of Floridians affected by Hurricane Michael. October 4, 2018 Students Change Hunger Kick-Off! The Community FoodBank of New Jersey has officially kicked off the 2018 Students Change Hunger food and fund drive! Students Change Hunger is a friendly competition among school and youth groups to donate the most amount of food between September 17, 2018 - December 10, 2018 to help individuals and families in need. September 2018 Hurricane Florence Call Center in Morris County Needs You NJ 2-1-1 is assisting the Hurricane Florence emergency efforts by covering the phone lines for North Carolina 2-1-1. They have requested volunteers to support with the extra call volume at the call center in Morris County. September 21, 2018 “One Year Later, AmeriCorps Continues Hurricane Maria Recovery Efforts One year after Hurricane Maria made landfall,the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS), the federal agency that administers AmeriCorps and leads the nation’s volunteer efforts, remains committed to the long-term recovery of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. AmeriCorps Disaster Response Teams, including FEMA Corps, remain on the islands even today and additional teams will deploy in the coming weeks. To mark the anniversary, the agency has released new photos and videos about the ongoing recovery efforts on the island. June 2, 2018 2018 New Jersey State Governor's Jefferson Awards Each year the New Jersey State Governor’s Jefferson Awards highlight the spirit of civic engagement among New Jersey’s 1.5 million volunteers and provide Jefferson Awards medals in 22 categories of volunteer service. The 2018 New Jersey State Governor’s Jefferson Awards presentation ceremony and celebration of volunteerism was held at the War Memorial in Trenton at 3 pm on the afternoon of Saturday, June 2, 2018. Ordinary people doing extraordinary things were recognized as Honorees in two dozen categories of service at this event. In addition, the achievements of over 5,000 New Jersey Students in Action were highlighted and top schools were saluted. 2018 NJS Governor's Jefferson Award Honorees June 11, 2018 2018 Foster Grandparents Recognition Event Each Spring, The New Jersey Foster Grandparent hosts a Recognition Event to thank and highlight the achievements of its senior volunteers. The event, hosted at Stockton Seaview Hotel & Golf Resort, recognized volunteers with various service awards congratulating them for one to 28 years of service, engaging children with special or exceptional needs in Pre-K to 12, and after school settings. Additional photos April 2018 Governor Murphy Proclaims April 15 - April 21 as Volunteer Week Download Governor Murphy's proclamation. April 4, 2018 “The King Year: Reflection in Action” AmeriCorps members came together to recognize the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s assassination. The members were encouraged to continue their leadership in their communities by a powerful speech from the Secretary of State, Tahesha Way. A panel discussion on “How Dr. King’s Message Inspired My Journey of Service” highlighted the morning followed by workshop sessions on Conflict Resolution, King Year Calendar of Service, Poverty, and Oratory: Speak Up! Speak Out! 2018 MLK 50th Anniversary September 7, 2017 New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service Awarded $283,333 to Strengthen and Expand Volunteering Across New Jersey The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service (NJ Commission) announced today that it has received a Volunteer Generation Fund (VGF) grant of $283,333 from the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS), the federal agency that oversees AmeriCorps and the nation’s volunteer initiatives. This funding will allow the NJ Commission to better support local organizations in recruiting, managing, and retaining volunteers to address some of New Jersey’s most pressing challenges. Press Release: September 7, 2017 Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate