Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-1031a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 31, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Historical Commission Announces its 2022 Annual Conference: Freedom Seeker, Colonizer, and Enslaved: Immigration and Migration in New Jersey The one-day, virtual event will explore the history, cultural heritage, and contemporary issues facing immigrant communities through the lens of New Jersey studies TRENTON, N.J. – Advancing its mission to advance public knowledge and preservation of the state’s history, the New Jersey Historical Commission is pleased to announce that registration is open for its 2022 annual conference, Freedom Seeker, Colonizer, and Enslaved: Immigration and Migration in New Jersey, on Friday, November 4th from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. The virtual, one-day conference will examine more than 300 years of migration and immigration in New Jersey and feature a keynote from Dr. Mae M. Ngai, Lung Family Professor of Asian American Studies and Professor of History, and Co-Director of the Center for the Study of Ethnicity and Race at Columbia University. In addition, a lunchtime workshop with representatives from the Immigrant History Initiative, Make Us Visible New Jersey, and the South Asian American Digital Archive will focus on teaching Asian American history in K-12 classrooms, while informative panel sessions will present new research on topics such as cultural movements, labor history, politics, historic preservation, and more. The full agenda for the conference, along with registration information, can be found at: www.njhistoryconference.org . The registration fee is $20 and includes early access to recordings. Students will receive complimentary admission to the virtual program. “The annual New Jersey History Conference not only brings together scholars and students who care about public history, but also community leaders who lead and champion our historical sites for the benefit of the public,” noted Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “It represents the latest in New Jersey’s ongoing efforts to highlight the rich cultural stories and diversity that define our vibrant communities.” The 2022 annual conference comes during an eventful year that witnessed legislation enacted that established the state’s Black Heritage Trail and made New Jersey the second state to make Asian American Studies a standard part of its K-12 curriculum. “We are proud to be at the forefront of efforts to celebrate New Jersey’s diversity through engaging public programs such as the annual history conference and an array of new and existing grant initiatives,” said Sara Cureton, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission. “The past year alone has seen the creation of Diversity, Equity, Accessibility, and Inclusion (DEAI) and Inclusive History Grant programs, in addition to the ongoing work with our partners at RevolutionNJ in preparation for the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in 2026.” For more information on the Historical Commission’s mission, public programs, grant programs and more, please visit its homepage: History.NJ.gov . About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate