Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-nj-india-commission.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - New Jersey-India Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules New Jersey-India Commission Last updated: 05/21/24 EXECUTIVE ORDER NO. 354 - Established the New Jersey-India Commission EXECUTIVE ORDER NO. 354 WHEREAS , New Jersey is home to a community of approximately 400,000 Indian-Americans who are vital participants in the economic, academic, civic, and social life of the State; and WHEREAS , India is the most populous country in the world and has one of the world’s fastest-growing economies; and WHEREAS , New Jersey maintains close ties with India culturally and economically, as India is New Jersey’s second-largest foreign direct investor and more New Jersey residents who are immigrants hail from India than from any other country; and WHEREAS , in September 2019, I was honored to lead a sevenday, six-city trade mission to India, with the goal of strengthening economic, cultural, and educational ties between New Jersey and India, and cultivating international investment in our State; and WHEREAS , in the immediate aftermath of that trade mission, New Jersey secured over 1,200 new jobs from the expansion of three Indian companies with a presence in the State; and WHEREAS , continuing to attract international trade and investment opportunities between India and New Jersey is critical to building long-term, sustainable economic growth; and WHEREAS , the establishment of a New Jersey-India Commission will enhance New Jersey’s ability to foster trade, investment, and cultural and educational exchanges between India and the State; NOW, THEREFORE, I, PHILIP D. MURPHY , Governor of the State of New Jersey, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and by the Statutes of this State, do hereby ORDER and DIRECT: 1. There is hereby established the New Jersey-India Commission (“Commission”). 2. The Commission shall consist of no less than 35 and no more than 45 members, who shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Governor. All members of the Commission shall serve without compensation. 3. The Governor shall select a Chairperson from among the members of the Commission, who shall also serve at the pleasure of the Governor. 4. The purposes of the Commission shall be to: (a) advance bilateral trade and investment between New Jersey and India; (b) encourage mutual economic support between New Jersey and India; (c) encourage mutual investment in the infrastructure and economies of New Jersey and India; (d) promote cultural and educational exchanges between New Jersey and India, including in areas of research, science, and technology; (e) study and initiate joint action on policy issues of mutual interest to New Jersey and India; and (f) address similar issues as determined by the Commission. 5. The Commission shall organize as soon as practicable after the appointment of its members, and shall convene as soon and as often as requested by the Governor or Chairperson. 6. The Commission is authorized to call upon any department, office, division, or agency of this State to supply it with data or other information or assistance available to such agency as the Commission deems necessary to discharge its duties under this Order. Each Executive Branch department and agency is hereby required, to the extent not inconsistent with law, to cooperate fully with the Commission and to furnish the Commission with such assistance on as timely a basis as is necessary to accomplish the purposes of this Order. To the extent necessary, the Department of State shall provide professional and clerical 3 staff to the Commission, which may include an employee of the Department of State who is designated to serve as the Executive Director of the Commission. 7. The Commission shall be purely advisory in nature and shall provide advice to the Governor and other Executive Branch departments and agencies as appropriate. 8. For purposes of this Order, “Executive Branch departments and agencies” shall mean any of the principal departments in the Executive Branch of State government and any agency, authority, board, bureau, commission, division, institution, office, or other instrumentality within or created by any such department, and any independent State authority, commission, instrumentality, or agency over which the Governor exercises executive authority, as determined by the Attorney General. 9. Nothing in this Order shall be construed to supersede any federal, State, or local law. 10. This Order shall take effect immediately. GIVEN , under my hand and seal this 6th day of February, Two Thousand and Twenty-Four, and of the Independence of the United States, the Two Hundred and Forty-Eighth. [seal] Attest: /s/ Parimal Garg Chief Counsel to the Governor Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate