Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-travel.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Division of Travel and Tourism Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Division of Travel and Tourism Statutes NJSA 34:1A-44 Effective date NJSA 34:1A-45 Short title NJSA 34:1A-46 Legislative findings and declarations NJSA 34:1A-47 Definitions NJSA 34:1A-48 Division of Travel and Tourism; establishment; director; appointment. NJSA 34:1A-48.1 Division of Travel and Tourism transferred to the Department of State. NJSA 34:1A-49 Transfer of functions, power and duties of office of tourism and promotion to division of Travel and Tourism. NJSA 34:1A-50 Transfer made in accordance with State Agency Transfer Act. Supporting Statutes NJSA 34:1A-51 New Jersey Tourism Policy Council NJSA 34:1A-52 Master plan; contents NJSA 34:1A-53 Powers and duties of division. NJSA 34:1A-53.1 Reports required from division NJSA 34:1A-53.3 Publication of information on farm-to-table restaurants on Division of Travel and Tourism website NJSA 34:1A-54 Duties of council NJSA 34:1A-44 Effective date This act shall take effect July first, one thousand nine hundred and fifty-three. L.1953, c. 198, p. 1505, s. 9. NJSA 34:1A-45 Short title This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Division of Travel and Tourism Act." L.1977, c. 225, s. 1. NJSA 34:1A-46 Legislative findings and declarations 2. The Legislature hereby finds and declares that: a. Increased revenues for this State and more employment opportunities for its citizens will result from the proper promotion throughout the United States and the world of the many tourist attractions which New Jersey has to offer to vacationers and travelers. b. Such proper promotion--and the desired expansion of tourism in New Jersey--will be enhanced by the formulation of a master plan for the development of the tourist industry throughout New Jersey. c. It is an objective of State programs, agencies, and resources to provide an optimum of satisfaction and high-quality service to visitors, to protect the natural beauty of New Jersey, and to sustain, promote, and expand the economic health of the tourist industry in a manner and to the extent compatible with such goals. d. Because of the crucial importance tourism plays in New Jersey's economy, the Department of State is therefore charged with the mandate to increase tourism through promotional, informational, educational, and developmental programs. These initiatives are to be designed to support a State policy of maintaining and increasing New Jersey's standing as a premier national and international travel destination. To implement this policy, the Department of State shall create advertisements for use on television, radio, the Internet and in print, to promote the State's diverse appeal to prospective national and international vacationers and travelers as part of its advertising, public relations, and marketing campaign. In addition, as required pursuant to section 9 of P.L.1977, c.225 (C.34:1A-53) , the Division of Travel and Tourism shall annually review the 10-year master plan developed pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1977, c.225 (C.34:1A-52) by the director of the division with the assistance of the New Jersey Tourism Policy Council, and submit a report to the Governor and Legislature containing an evaluation of the preceding year's activities and developments in tourism and the revisions recommended in the master plan. e. In the advancement and promotion of New Jersey's tourism industry, it is necessary to require that the division report semiannually to the Governor and the Legislature on the efforts of the division to promote tourism in New Jersey and on the expenditure of funds allocated to tourism advertising and promotion from hotel and motel occupancy fees pursuant to section 2 of P.L.2003, c.114 (C.54:32D-2) . As tourism may be particularly sensitive to changing economic conditions, a frequent review of the State's tourism planning and activities may necessitate revisions in the State's tourism policy to further encourage tourism promotion and to otherwise meet the challenges of implementing this policy. L.1977, c.225, s.2; Amended 2005, c.378, s.1; 2007, c.253, s.1. NJSA 34:1A-47 Definitions 3. As used in this act, unless a different meaning appears from the context: "Council" means the New Jersey Tourism Policy Council. "Department" means the Department of State. "Director" means the Director of the Division of Travel and Tourism. "Division" means the Division of Travel and Tourism in the Department of State. "Elected local official" means the county executive of any county wherein that office is established, a member of the governing body of a county, or a mayor or member of the governing body of a municipality. "Tourism" means activities involved in providing and marketing services and products, including accommodations, for nonresidents and residents who travel to and in New Jersey for recreation and pleasure. "Tourist industry" means the industry consisting of private and public organizations which directly or indirectly provide services and products to nonresidents and residents who travel to and in New Jersey for recreation and pleasure. L.1977, c.225, s.3; amended 1991, c.280, s.1; 2005, c.378, s.2; 2007, c.253, s.2. NJSA 34:1A-48 Division of Travel and Tourism; establishment; director; appointment 4. There is hereby established in the Department of State the Division of Travel and Tourism. The division shall be under the supervision of a director, who shall be a person qualified by training and experience to direct the work of such division. The director shall be appointed by the Governor after consultation with the council and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The director shall serve during the term of office of the Governor appointing the director and until the director's successor is appointed and qualified. The director shall receive such salary as shall be provided by law and shall devote the director's entire time and attention to the duties of the director's office and shall not, while in office, engage in any other gainful pursuit. The Governor may remove the director from office for cause, upon notice and opportunity to be heard. L.1977, c.225, s.4; amended 2005, c.378, s.3; 2007, c.253, s.3. NJSA 34:1A-48.1 Division of Travel and Tourism transferred to the Department of State 4. a. All the functions, powers, and duties of the Division of Travel and Tourism in the New Jersey Commerce, Economic Growth and Tourism Commission are transferred to the Department of State. b. All appropriations and other moneys available and to become available to the division are hereby continued in the Department of State and shall be available for the objects and purposes for which such moneys are appropriated subject to any terms, restrictions, limitations, or other requirements imposed by State or federal law. c. Whenever, in any law, rule, regulation, order, contract, document, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise, reference is made to the Division of Travel and Tourism in the New Jersey Commerce, Economic Growth and Tourism Commission, the same shall mean and refer to the Division of Travel and Tourism in the Department of State. L.2007, c.253, s.4. NJSA 34:1A-49 Transfer of functions, power and duties of office of tourism and promotion to division of Travel and Tourism All the functions, powers, and duties of the Office of Tourism and Promotion in the Division of Economic Development in the Department of Labor and Industry are transferred to the Division of Travel and Tourism established hereunder. L.1977, c. 225, s. 5. NJSA 34:1A-50 Transfer made in accordance with State Agency Transfer Act The transfer directed by this act shall be made in accordance with the "State Agency Transfer Act," P.L.1971, c. 375 (C. 52:14D-1 et seq.). L.1977, c. 225, s. 6 NJSA 34:1A-51 New Jersey Tourism Policy Council 7. a. There is created in the division the New Jersey Tourism Policy Council which shall consist of 23 members: (1) Two members of the Senate, who shall serve as ex officio, non-voting members to be appointed by the President thereof, not more than one of whom shall be of the same political party, and two members of the General Assembly, who shall serve as ex officio, non-voting members to be appointed by the Speaker thereof, not more than one of whom shall be of the same political party; (2) Nine public members, who shall be residents of this State, not more than five of whom shall be of the same political party, who shall be appointed by the Governor with the advice and consent of the Senate, who shall include persons who by experience or training represent the areas of the tourist industry as follows: One representative of the lodging sector; One representative of the food service sector; One representative of the eco-tourism sector; One representative of the cultural arts sector; One representative of the convention and visitor bureaus or tour/receptive services sectors; One representative of the entertainment or amusement sector; One representative of the outdoor recreation sector; One representative of the historical community; and One representative of a Statewide travel and tourism association representing the various sectors of the tourism industry; (3) The Secretary of State, who shall serve ex officio as a voting member and chair of the council; (4) Six elected local officials, not more than three of whom shall be of the same political party, who shall be appointed by the Governor with the advice and consent of the Senate, and of whom one shall be a resident of Cape May or Cumberland County, one shall be a resident of Atlantic County, one shall be a resident of Burlington, Camden, Gloucester, Mercer or Salem County, one shall be a resident of Monmouth or Ocean County, one shall be a resident of Bergen, Essex, Hudson, Middlesex, Passaic or Union County, and one shall be a resident of Hunterdon, Morris, Somerset, Sussex or Warren County; and (5) The executive directors of the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority, the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority, and the Atlantic City Convention Center Authority, or their designees, all of whom shall serve ex officio and as voting members. b. (1) The public members of the council shall be appointed to three-year terms, except that public members initially appointed on or after the effective date of P.L.2005, c.378, representing the lodging, food service, and eco-tourism sectors shall be appointed to a two-year term, and public members representing the cultural arts and outdoor recreation sectors and the historical community shall be appointed to a one-year term. Public members shall serve until their successors are appointed and qualified. Vacancies occurring other than by expiration of term shall be filled for the unexpired term only. (2) The term of appointment, as a member of the council, of an elected local official appointed pursuant to paragraph 4 of subsection a. of this section shall be the same as the term of office, as an elected local official, that the person is serving at the time of such appointment. In the event that a member of the council appointed pursuant to that paragraph no longer serves as an elected local official, the term of appointment for that member shall cease and the Governor may, with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint a replacement to serve for the remainder of the unexpired term. In the case of a person who, at the time of such appointment, serves as an elected local official in two different offices, the term of the person's appointment to the council shall be measured by the longer of the terms as an elected local official. Nothing in this paragraph shall preclude the reappointment as an elected local official member of the council of a person whose term of office as such elected local official has expired, but who has been reelected to succeed himself in the same local office. c. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1991, c.280). d. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1991, c.280). e. The members of the council shall serve without compensation but shall be entitled to reimbursement for actual and necessary expenses incurred in the performance of their duties as members. f. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.1991, c.280). g. The council shall meet at the call of the chair and not less than once every month. h. Whenever, in any law, rule, regulation, order, contract, document, judicial or administrative proceeding or otherwise, reference is made to the New Jersey Tourism Advisory Council, the same shall mean and refer to the New Jersey Tourism Policy Council in the Division of Travel and Tourism. L.1977, c.225, s.7; amended 1991, c.280, ss.2,3; 1997, c.10; 2001, c.255; 2005, c.378, s.4; 2007, c.253, s.5. NJSA 34:1A-52 Master plan; contents The director, upon consultation with the council, shall develop a 10-year master plan for the growth of tourism for presentation to the Governor and the Legislature no later than February 1, 1979. The plan shall include, but not be limited to, consideration of the following: a. New Jersey's need for additional job opportunities and for tax revenues; b. The optimum distribution of the tourist industry throughout the State and the effect of such industry on the environment; c. The upgrading and improvement of the facilities and services available to tourists in New Jersey; d. The development of tourist destination areas attractive in appearance, manageable in terms of densities, and with wholesome recreational opportunities; e. The protection and preservation of shoreline areas; f. The providing of access to shoreline areas for tourists and the assurance of the rights of residents to the use of public beaches and public beach access areas, surfing and fishing sites, hiking trails, and other recreational sites and scenic areas; g. The reconstruction, maintenance, and preservation of sites which have been important in New Jersey history and American history; h. The promotion of various cultural and ethnic holidays, observances, and festivities and of understanding by visitors and residents of the social and cultural contributions of all ethnic groups and people residing in New Jersey; and i. The desirability and the feasibility of creating a Department of Tourism. L.1977, c. 225, s. 8. NJSA 34:1A-53 Powers and duties of Division 9. In the pursuance and promotion of a State policy on tourism, the division, at the direction of the Secretary of State, shall: a. Provide and promote adequate opportunities for county and municipal participation, federal agency participation, and private citizens' involvement in the decision-making process of tourism planning and policy formulation; b. Encourage all State, county, and municipal governmental and private agencies to do their utmost to assure the personal safety of residents and tourists both within and without tourist destination areas; c. Take whatever administrative, litigable, and legislative steps as are necessary to minimize the problems of tourists in not receiving contracted services, including transportation, tours, hotels; d. Attempt to reconcile and balance the activities and accommodations of the tourist with the daily pursuits and lifestyles of the residents; e. Develop an understanding among all citizens of the role of tourism in New Jersey, both in terms of its economic and social importance and the problems it presents, through appropriate formal and informal learning experiences; f. Cooperate with the Department of Education to promote throughout the educational system of New Jersey an awareness of New Jersey history and culture; g. Ensure that the growth of the tourist industry is consistent with the attainment of economic, social, physical, and environmental objectives in any State plan and county plans that are adopted; h. Continuously monitor and evaluate the social costs of growth of the tourist industry against the social benefits; i. Emphasize in the State's tourism promotional efforts the high quality of the State's natural and cultural features; j. Promote the tourist industry through such activities as Visitors Bureaus and similar county and municipal agencies, and assure that the tourist industry contributes its fair share of the cost of such promotion; k. Request and receive from any department, division, board, bureau, commission, or other agency of the State, or any political subdivision or public authority thereof, such assistance and data as may be necessary to enable the division to carry out its responsibilities under this act; l. In consultation with the council, review annually and, if necessary, revise or update the 10-year master plan developed pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1977, c.225 (C.34:1A-52), and submit a report to the Governor and the Legislature containing an evaluation of the preceding year's activities and developments in tourism and the revisions recommended in the master plan; m. At the direction of the council, operate the division's Travel and Tourism Cooperative Marketing Campaign Program; and n. Establish and operate the division's Travel and Tourism Advertising and Promotion Program. L.1977, c.225, s.9; Amended 2005, c.378, s.6; 2007, c.253, s.6. NJSA 34:1A-53.1 Reports required from Division 8. In addition to the powers and duties of the division as provided in section 9 of P.L.1977, c.225 (C.34:1A-53), the division shall submit a report no later than January 31 and July 31 of every year on the tourism marketing campaigns of the division and the expenditure of funds appropriated to the division for tourism promotion to the Governor, the President of the Senate, the Speaker of the General Assembly, the Senate Wagering, Tourism and Historic Preservation Committee and the Assembly Tourism and Gaming Committee, or their successors. The report shall include, but not be limited to, the following information: a. A description of the efforts of the division to promote New Jersey tourism in the six-month period ending on December 31 and June 30 preceding the respective dates on which the report is due. The report shall list: (1) the type of each promotion made, including but not limited to, promotions in the form of print, radio, Internet or television advertisements, tourism information or reference guides, tourism event calendars or the attendance by employees of the division at conferences relevant to tourism promotion, (2) the content of each such advertisement, guide, calendar or other promotional aid made, or conference attended, (3) the dates and locations where tourism advertisements were shown, when such guides, calendars or other promotional aids were made available, or when such conferences took place, and (4) the aggregate amount of money expended on each advertisement, guide, calendar, promotional aid or conference listed; b. A list of entities that received, in the six-month period ending on December 31 and June 30 preceding the respective dates on which the report is due, State matching funds under the division's Travel and Tourism Cooperative Marketing Campaign Program and the division's Advertising and Promotion Program, the amount of funds each entity received from either program, and the amount of each of the recipient entity's expenditures made from the funds of either program; and c. A general description of the potential tourism promotion efforts the division is considering for the six-month period beginning on January 1 and July 1 preceding the respective dates on which the report is due. Such description shall be distributed to the members of the council. A member of the public may receive a copy of such description upon request. The report shall identify whether or not each of the efforts to promote tourism listed in the report is consistent with the provisions of the 10-year master plan developed pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1977, c.225 (C.34:1A-52), identify the relevant provisions of the master plan with which the effort to promote tourism is consistent or inconsistent, and provide an explanation of the consistency or inconsistency. L.2005, c.378, s.8; amended 2007, c.253, s.7. NJSA 34:1A-53.3 Publication of information on farm-to-table restaurants on Division of Travel and Tourism website 1. a. The Division of Travel and Tourism shall publish on its Internet website, and update as appropriate, information on farm-to-table restaurants in the State by region, including the name, address, and other pertinent information for each restaurant which the division determines would be of interest for the purposes of educating the public about local sources for fresh, healthy foods and options to support restaurants that use locally grown and produced food products. For the purposes of this subsection, “region” means north, south, or central New Jersey as designated by the division. b. The division shall establish a process by which farm-to-table restaurants may register for posting on the website, including the criteria to be met for designation as a “farm-to-table restaurant,” and shall promote the program on its website and to restaurants around the State to ensure as much participation as possible. L.2018, c.154, s.1. NJSA 34:1A-54 Duties of Council 10. The council shall: a. Aid the division in the formulation and updating of the 10-year master plan developed pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1977, c.225 (C.34:1A-52) and the annual review thereof; b. Consider all matters referred to it by the Secretary of State; c. Make recommendations to the division on any matter relating to tourism and the tourist industry in New Jersey and to those objectives and responsibilities specified in sections 8 and 9 of P.L.1977, c.225 (C.34:1A-52 and C.34:1A-53); d. Direct the division to review the spending of funds by the regional tourism councils and provide comments and recommendations to such councils on the spending of funds when appropriate; e. Direct the division to encourage the development of local marketing organizations, including but not limited to destination marketing organizations and convention and visitor bureaus; f. Direct the division to ensure that a recipient of funding by the Department of State for tourism promotion is in compliance with all terms of the funding agreement, and that the recipient's promotional message is consistent with the promotional message for the State established by the Secretary of State; g. Direct the division on the operation of the division's Travel and Tourism Cooperative Marketing Campaign Program; h. Commission the New Jersey Center for Hospitality and Tourism at Richard Stockton College of New Jersey to conduct an annual survey and analysis of New Jersey's tourism industry for the purpose of providing data to improve the effectiveness of tourism promotion. The council shall direct the division to make the survey and analysis results available to tourism groups throughout the State. In a year during which the New Jersey Center for Hospitality and Tourism is unable or unavailable to conduct the survey and analysis, the council shall choose another entity to conduct the survey and analysis for that year; and i. Perform other duties as assigned by the Secretary of State. L.1977, c.225, s.10; amended 2005, c.378, s.7; 2007, c.253, s.8 Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate