Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-1022a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 22, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NEW JERSEY VOTERS WITH DISABILITIES ENCOURAGED TO UTILIZE ACCESSIBLE VOTING OPTIONS Trenton, NJ – New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State, is reminding New Jersey voters with disabilities that they have multiple options to cast their ballot for the 2024 General Election. “Disabled voters in New Jersey should rest assured that they can privately and securely cast their ballot,” said Lieutenant Governor Way. “We have the procedures in place to assist voters with special needs and an unwavering commitment to ensure that New Jersey elections are both inclusive and accessible.” In-person voting options include: Voters with accessibility needs can be accommodated at their local polling place or county early voting site and utilize special equipment that enables them to view the ballot on a screen or hear an audio version to help them mark and cast their ballot. A voter who requires assistance to vote at a polling location may also designate the person of their choosing to provide assistance. Voters who cannot vote via a paper ballot without assistance also have an accessible ballot option for the 2024 General Election. The State of New Jersey utilizes Democracy Live, an organization that helps voters with disabilities to cast their vote privately and independently. To access this option: A voter with a disability should reach out to their County Clerk and indicate that they are unable to complete a paper ballot without assistance and wish to vote using an accessible vote-by-mail ballot. The County Clerk will work with Democracy Live to deliver a secure electronic ballot to the voter. At the same time, the County Clerk’s office will mail the voter the postage paid ballot return envelope and a certificate envelope for the voter to seal the ballot in. The voter will receive an email with a link to a personalized ballot that includes the applicable local, state, and national contests and any questions based on where they live. From the link provided, the voter can mark the ballot using their own personal assistive technology such as screen readers and screen magnifiers. When done, the voter prints the ballot and the completed Certificate of Accessible Ballot Voter. The completed ballot gets sealed in the certificate envelope. If the voter receives assistance, the person providing such assistance must fill out the assistor portion on the certificate envelope. The voter should then seal the completed Certificate of Accessible Ballot Voter and the sealed certificate envelope containing the completed ballot in the postage paid ballot return envelope provided. Once this process is completed, the ballot can be returned in the same manner as any other mail-in ballot. Ballots must be postmarked by 8 p.m. on Nov. 5 and received by Nov. 11. Similarly, a mail-in ballot voter who is unable to sign or make their mark on the certificate attached to the inner envelope may be accommodated by requesting a “Certificate of Assistor Signing for a Voter with a Disability” from their County Clerk’s Office. The person providing assistance will complete the requested assistor certificate and the assistor portion of the certificate attached to the inner envelope and sign the voter’s name on the inner envelope certificate. The requested assistor certificate should be attached to the certificate on the inner envelope, then the ballot is returned in the same manner as any other mail-in ballot. “We encourage every eligible New Jersey citizen to exercise their right to vote,” said Lieutenant Governor Way. “It’s our goal to make sure all registered voters have the opportunity to play an active role in our great democracy.” If voters need assistance or have any questions, their local, county, and state election officials are available to help. Voters can reach out to their County Clerk, County Board of Elections, County Superintendent of Elections, or call the state voter information/protection hotline at 1-877-NJVOTER (1-877-658- 6837). For more information on voting, visit Vote.NJ.Gov. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate