Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0502.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 2, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Business Action Center Celebrates National Small Business Week Trenton, N.J. – The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), an agency of the Department of State, joins the nation in celebrating National Small Business Week, which runs from April 30 - May 6, 2023. This annual event recognizes the significant contributions of America's entrepreneurs and small business owners. To celebrate small businesses and the New Jerseyans behind them, NJBAC will use its social media platforms to spotlight small businesses that are contributing to the statewide economy and amplify small business successes and resources among statewide agencies throughout National Small Business Week. NJBAC will also be participating in small business resource webinars sponsored by the NJ Economic Development Agency. https://www.njeda.com/events/ Small businesses in New Jersey are significant contributors, stimulating critical economic activity and providing job opportunities. According to the U.S. Small Business Administration, New Jersey is home to over 953,000 small businesses, which represents 99.6% of all businesses in the state. Nearly 2 million employees, which is over 49% of all employees in New Jersey, are employed by a small business. To nurture success and ensure access to resources and funding programs, the New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) and its Office of Small Business Advocacy provide free small business consulting services and host "Resource for Growth" events throughout the year that connect business owners with state and county representatives, lenders, and community partners. Throughout the annual week of small business recognition, NJBAC will focus on sharing small business resource information through its digital channels, which will include highlighting winners from this year’s NJ Small Business Development Center’s (NJSBDC) Small Business Success Awards. "Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and we are proud to support their growth and success," said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. "Through our Office of Small Business Advocacy and NJBAC, we offer a variety of resources to help businesses navigate the challenges they face, from licensing and regulatory processes to procurement and export assistance." The NJBAC's Executive Director, Melanie Willoughby, added, "We understand that running a small business can be challenging, and we are here to help. Our business advocates are available to work closely with businesses and connect them with the appropriate experts to reach their goals. We can facilitate meetings, handle follow-ups, and provide confidential assistance at no cost to the business owner." The U.S. Small Business Administration reports that small businesses create about two out of every three new jobs in the U.S. each year, and more than half of Americans either own or work for a small business. The NJBAC is committed to helping New Jersey's small businesses thrive and succeed, and urges all business owners to reach out to their office for support. For more information on how the NJBAC and Office of Small Business Advocacy assists small businesses, please call the Business Helpline at 1-800-Jersey-7 (1-800-537-7397) or access the live chat through https://business.nj.gov/ Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate