Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-1205.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 5, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Theatre Alliance & ArtPride NJ Partner with New Jersey State Council on the Arts to Launch of New Jersey Arts Administrators of Color Network TRENTON, NJ – In October of 2019, New Jersey Theatre Alliance developed New Jersey Arts Administrators of Color (NJAAC) with the intent to establish a network of professional arts administrators of color while advancing efforts related to equity, diversity, and inclusion within New Jersey’s arts community. This initiative is a partnership between New Jersey Theatre Alliance (NJTA), the state’s service organization for professional producing theatre companies, ArtPride New Jersey, the state’s largest arts service and advocacy organization, and New Jersey State Council on the Arts. “The Council is committed to achieving greater equity in arts leadership in New Jersey," said Porché Hardy, Council Program Officer, “Highlighting the skills and abilities of arts leaders who identify as people of color in our state is key to systematic change.” NJTA is spearheading this project to provide self-identified people of color working in the state’s arts organizations a safe space to connect, and a platform to share their expertise, experiences, and creativity. NJAAC’s mission is to connect, empower, and cultivate professional arts and cultural leaders throughout the Garden State. The program aims to build a community that affords members the opportunity to develop personal and professional connections, share resources, and foster emerging leaders. “A network such as this is essential in our field to increase the visibility of people of color,” said Deonte Griffin-Quick, Manager of Programs and Services for New Jersey Theatre Alliance, and the lead coordinator of this effort. As three of the state’s leading arts service organizations, the partnership between New Jersey Theatre Alliance, ArtPride New Jersey, and the New Jersey State Council on the Arts guarantees a greater impact to address concerns related to equity, diversity, and inclusion in the state. “ArtPride is proud to collaborate with our statewide partners, NJTA and the State Arts Council, on the creation of this important, new network” says Vincent Hall, the Membership Services Associate of ArtPride. “NJAAC will provide a great opportunity for people of color to join together and discuss issues of diversity within New Jersey's arts community, as well as ways in which we can improve it." Similar networks have been formed in communities across the country, including Washington D.C., Boston, and Pittsburgh. Earlier this month, several New Jersey arts leaders joined 300 arts administrators and artists of color in Washington D.C. for two days of learning, community building, and exploration. In November, over 50 arts administrators of color gathered at events in Camden and Newark to celebrate the launch of this program. Participants were introduced to the benefits of this network such as professional development opportunities, a mentorship program, and granting opportunities to support individual professional advancements. To learn more about how to join this network, please contact Deonté Griffin-Quick at dgriffin-quick@njtheatrealliance.org . Included below are select photos from the launch event in Newark. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate