Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/assets/pdf/ofbi/fy24/SE2D-Revenue-Analysis.xlsx

NJ Department of State - New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission - 2018 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Celebration Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State 2018 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Celebration The band, Soulful Sounds, play a selection of tunes during the Commemorative Event. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Chair, Mr. George V. Guy, Jr., welcomes the audience to the 2018 Commemorative Event. Members from the New Jersey Youth Corps & New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development lead the audience in the Pledge of Allegiance. Pastor John R. Taylor from Shiloh Baptist Church delivers the invocation at the beginning of the 2018 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative. Former Lt. Governor, Kim Guadagno, delivers the keynote address at the 2018 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative. Tracey S. Cosby, Esq., Jethro Antoine, Reginald Gaines, Raymond M. Brown, Esq., Steve Fishbein, come together to deliver Restorative Justice and Diversionary Programs Panel. A proclamation for founding and lifetime member of New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission, Ms. Edith Savage- Jennings, is presented by Members of the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission alongside representatives from the Museum of Women’s Resistance, and Ms. Edith Savage- Jennings’s Estate Representative, Ibrahim Sharif Christina Jaus and Farah Tanis, Museum of Women’s Resistance, present during the “A Life of Service: Memorial for Edith Savage-Jennings”. Audience members look on at the stage during the 2018 Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative. A Memorial is given for Ms. Edith Savage-Jennings, A founding and lifetime member of New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission for her lifetime of service. Closing remarks are given by Bishop John Schol. Commission Home About the Commission Programs News/Resources Archive The Children's March Videos: Altanta History Center History Channel King and I: New Jerseyans Reflect on the Life and Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in commemoration of his 90th Birthday NJ Quotes on MLK Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate