Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0205a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 5, 2020, Census Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Montclair State to Host 2020 Census ‘New Jersey Complete Count’ Rally MONTCLAIR, N.J., Feb. 5, 2020 – With 2020 Census Day fast approaching, there’s a risk that millions of New Jersey residents may go uncounted. Counting matters: A complete and accurate count of every person living in New Jersey ensures that communities receive their fair share of federal funding and political representation in Washington, D.C. Almost a quarter of the state's population, including people of color, low-income individuals, children, immigrants and people who are homeless, reside in areas considered "hard to count" by the Census Bureau, and are less likely to be counted. These same communities often have the highest poverty rates and stand to benefit the most from essential services funded by the federal government. Montclair State working toward a Complete Count for New Jersey: Montclair State University – a campus nationally recognized for its civic engagement and voter registration activism – has partnered with government officials and the United States Census Bureau to encourage residents to answer the Census and be counted. Student workers will canvass in their own neighborhood and across the state. The University will host a range of events on campus through Census season. Who: The public is invited to join the campus community, government officials and community partners to learn about ways to ensure that everybody in New Jersey is counted in 2020. Montclair State University President Susan A. Cole will kick off "New Jersey Complete Count" and welcome speakers: United States Census Bureau Assistant Regional Census Manager Lisa Moore U.S. Representative Mikie Sherrill New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way What: 2020 U.S. Census "New Jersey Complete Count" Rally Where: Montclair State University, Center for Environmental and Life Sciences atrium When: 10 a.m., Monday, February 10, 2020 About the 2020 Census The U.S. Constitution mandates a head count, every 10 years, of all residents living in the United States and its territories. Census counts determine how many seats each state is allocated in the U.S. House of Representatives as well as how more than $675 billion in federal dollars are distributed annually. Individual responses are protected by federal law, never to be shared with any other governmental department, court, or law enforcement agency. Responding to the 2020 Census is easy with four ways to respond: online, by phone, on paper, or with the help of a Census taker. Montclair State University Montclair State University is a research doctoral institution ranked in the top tier of national universities. Building on a distinguished history dating back to 1908, the University today has 11 colleges and schools that serve 21,000 undergraduate and graduate students with more than 300 doctoral, master's and baccalaureate programs. Situated on a beautiful, 252-acre suburban campus just 12 miles from New York City, Montclair State delivers the instructional and research resources of a large public university in a supportive, sophisticated and diverse academic environment. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate