Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/memorial/index.html

NJ Department of State - Patriots Theater at the War Memorial Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Patriots Theater at the War Memorial The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Patriots Theater at the War Memorial Events 2025 March 16 2025 Spring Serenades 4:00 PM War Memorial Ballroom Pre-Concert lecture at 3:00 PM in the Lower Lobby Prepare to be serenaded into spring with dazzling masterworks featuring the virtuosic wind musicians of the Philharmonic with Sebastian Grand, Conductor. The lightness of Mozart, the lyricism of Strauss and the wild excitement of Ibert’s Cello Concerto will provide a treat for every listener. Dvorak’s joyful Serenade for Winds completes an afternoon of music making that you are sure to treasure. Join us for a reception on the stage of the Patriots Theater following the concert. Tickets April 12 2025 Drama & Irony: Rossini, Mozart and Beethoven 7:30 PM War Memorial Patriot's Theater This Concert of Classics is a virtual tour through much of the human experience, from the dark side — tragedy and awareness of mortality — and back to the light through serenity, ironic awareness, and a joyful embrace of life. Mozart’s Piano Concerto in D Minor, K. 466 begins with a pulsating, anxious theme but ends in a playful coda; Beethoven quotes the dies irae but fills his Symphony No. 4 in Bb with optimistic energy; and Rossini makes fun of it all and warns us not to take ourselves too seriously with his overture to The Italian Girl in Algiers. Tickets April 23 2025 Blippi: Join the Band Tour! 6:00 PM C'mon and join Blippi to make music in your hometown in the brand new live Blippi: Join the Band Tour! Blippi will be joined onstage by Meekah, their singing and dancing buddies and LIVE musicians to explore what makes music, including sounds, rhythms and instruments, through all your favorite Blippi hits. So grab your drumsticks, tune up your guitar, and move those feet with Blippi and get ready for a musical performance that's fun for the whole family! Parents - please note that while most children are excited to meet their favorite characters up-close, others can feel frightened. If your child is scared or hesitant to meet Blippi, we recommend moving to the back of the line; This will allow your child the extra time they may need to warm up to Blippi and see how they interact with other children present. Tickets can ONLY be purchased online at Ticketmaster.com or in-person at the CURE Insurance Arena Box Office. Tickets will be available at the Patriots Theater at the War Memorial on show day ONLY, while supplies last. Tickets **Admission to the performance is not included in the Photo Experience ticket. This is a separate upgrade that must be purchased in advance. **Children aged 12 and under must be accompanied by a Parent/Guardian. Each Child, Parent or Guardian must have a show ticket as well as a Photo Experience ticket to attend. ***No professional cameras, recording devices, or the alike are permitted. Media requests can be sent to CIA-Marketing@oakviewgroup.com . ****This event does not permit re-entry. Late arrivals will not be refunded or exchanged. May 11 2025 A Mother's Day Family Concert 3:00 PM New Jersey State Museum Auditorium Celebrate Mother’s Day at our delightful family-friendly event. Beginning with the Overture to William Tell by Gioachino Rossini this concert will engage even the youngest music lovers! We are also performing the enchanting Peer Gynt Suite No. 1 by Edvard Grieg, and the charming tale of Tubby the Tuba by George Kleinsinger. Our 2025 Mary G. Roebling Concerto Competition winner is sure to inspire audiences of all ages. Bring your loved ones and make this Mother’s Day a memorable celebration with us! Sebastian Grand, Conductor Tickets Rooms Room Rental Seating Chart Directions Hotels/Restaurant War Memorial FAQs Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate