Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0221.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 21, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey-Israel Commission Launches First-Ever State Promotional Video with EL AL Airlines The video, which highlights New Jersey-Israel relations and state tourism, is narrated by Secretary of State Tahesha Way and available on the Boeing 787 “Dreamliner” fleet of Israel’s national airline, EL AL TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey-Israel Commission has launched a first-ever promotional video that is now available on EL AL Airlines which highlights the special and growing relationship between the State of New Jersey and the State of Israel while introducing passengers to the Garden State. EL AL, Israel’s national airline, operates multiple nonstop flights six days per week between Newark Liberty International Airport and Tel Aviv’s Ben Gurion International Airport as a bridge deepening the closeness of the Garden State and the Holy Land. Passengers can watch the video through the inflight entertainment system on any of the 15 EL AL 787 “Dreamliner” aircraft in their fleet, which provide service for 44 weekly flights from the United States. New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, whose portfolio includes New Jersey-Israel Commission and the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism, narrates the video which showcases many of the state’s tourism attractions as well as the friendship and growing business ties connecting the two regions. Last year the New Jersey-Israel Commission reported that the State’s annual bilateral trade with Israel increased by over 16% to $1.55 billion. Since 2018, Israeli foreign direct investment quadrupled and led to the creation of over 1,100 new jobs in New Jersey. These ever-strengthening economic links between New Jersey and Israel, as well as the closeness of the communities, reflect the importance of the Newark – Tel Aviv air route, which has maintained strong demand. The New Jersey-Israel Commission, through its mandate, focuses on tourism in addition to economic growth from Israel. As these relations develop and expand rapidly, the Commission will continue to collaborate with the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism and partners such as EL AL, to showcase the state and welcome Israeli travelers. “I applaud this initiative which symbolizes the special friendship between New Jersey and the people of Israel,” New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “As passengers travel on EL AL between the United States and Israel, they will be reminded not only of the wonderful possibilities a visit to New Jersey offers them, but the incredible value we place on the enduring partnership we share with Israel.” “EL AL’s nonstop service between Newark and Tel Aviv is a key and valued route in our global network of operations” said Marc Cavaliere, Senior Vice President for the Americas, EL AL Airlines . “Today and always we celebrate the special relationship between New Jersey and Israel as EL AL remains dedicated to connecting the people, businesses, and ideas between our communities.” “Thanks to the cooperation with EL AL Airlines, we are celebrating yet another milestone in our state’s bilateral relationship as it literally reaches new heights,” said Karin Elkis, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “As Israel approaches its 75th anniversary this video is more important than ever in fulfilling our mission of strengthening New Jersey-Israel relations both on the ground and in the air.” “Economic growth between New Jersey and Israel also includes driving travel and tourism which is an important industry in our state,” said Mark S. Levenson, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “This partnership reflects our commitment to welcoming Israelis, and all travelers to New Jersey, by embracing them with open arms.” “With the launch of this new video, New Jersey and Israel have never felt closer despite the distance between them,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “As our economies and communities become ever more connected, New Jersey will always remain an inviting and attractive destination for our friends in Israel through innovative outreach and an extended hand.” “New Jersey is ready to welcome travelers across the United States and internationally, including from the State of Israel,” said Jeffrey Vasser, Executive Director of the New Jersey Division of Tourism and Travel . “We are proud to support this wonderful initiative which shows the beauty of the Garden State and demonstrates the importance of New Jersey-bound travel and tourism from Israel.” About EL AL Israel Airlines EL AL was founded in November 1948 as Israel’s national airline and operated its first scheduled flight in 1949. In June 1950, EL AL began service between Tel Aviv and New York. Today EL AL serves 52 international destinations in 33 countries. EL AL provides service from the US on its fleet of 787 Dreamliner aircraft. With up to 44 weekly nonstop flights from JFK, Newark, Boston, Miami, Los Angeles, EL AL offers more nonstop service to Tel Aviv from more U.S. gateway cities than any other carrier. About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate