Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0804.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 4, 2021, Israel Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey–Israel Commission Congratulates Trialjectory for Winning Competitive BIRD Foundation Grant Closter, N.J. Based Company will Partner with YonaLink in Jerusalem to Develop a New System for Clinical Trials Trenton, N.J. (August 4, 2021) – Following a recent announcement by the Israel-U.S. Binational Industrial Research and Development (BIRD) Foundation, the New Jersey-Israel Commission congratulates Trialjectory for winning a highly competitive BIRD grant during their recent funding cycle. Trialjectory, based in Closter, will partner with YonaLink, located in Jerusalem, to develop a platform to enroll diverse patients in clinical trials by automating the clinical trial value chain from patient selection to data management. The grant, valued at up to $1 million, will be split between the two companies, and is part of a $6 million allocation for six projects between partnered U.S. and Israeli companies. In addition to New Jersey, U.S. winners were from Virginia, Massachusetts, Ohio, and Texas and the total value of the projects including private investment is $13 million. This announcement reflects New Jersey’s continued leadership in the United States and abroad in the healthcare and high tech sectors. It also demonstrates the State’s special relationship with Israel that continues to deliver strong economic benefits locally. The New Jersey-Israel Commission encourages New Jersey companies to explore the BIRD Foundation’s grant programs via their website, www.BIRDF.com . Previously, BIRD has cooperated with the Commission, New Jersey Economic Development Authority, and the New Jersey Business Action Center to promote these funding opportunities. The deadline for submission of Executive Summaries for the next BIRD grant cycle is September 2, 2021 with approval of projects to take place during December of 2021. “This is another terrific achievement for New Jersey in its longstanding and growing economic ties with Israel,” said Mark S. Levenson and Karin Elkis, Co-Chairs of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “Companies like Trialjectory demonstrate the importance of the BIRD Foundation’s grant process and its ability to deliver funds to businesses in our state.” “Growing New Jersey’s innovation ecosystem is central to Governor Phil Murphy’s vision for a stronger, fairer New Jersey economy and is even more important now as we move toward recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic,” said NJEDA Chief Executive Officer Tim Sullivan . “I am proud to congratulate Trialjectory on winning the prestigious BIRD grant to grow their partnership with YonaLink. This collaboration continues a strong tradition of collaboration between New Jersey and Israel to create innovative new products and services that drive long-term, equitable economic growth.” “New Jersey continues to see tangible results from its strong relationship with Israel that help our state advance and remain competitive,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “I am proud to see another local company benefiting from a BIRD grant and I hope to see many more going forward.” ”We continue to see strong partnerships form between companies in New Jersey and Israel, many of which have resulted in projects approved and funded by the BIRD Foundation,” said Dr. Eitan Yudilevich, Executive Director of the BIRD Foundation . “New Jersey is home to many technologically advanced companies, both large and small, and we welcome them all to continue to partner with companies in Israel to develop innovative technologies and products, create new jobs and bring IP, investment and revenue to both states.” “Israel and the State of New Jersey continue to be home to cutting edge tech innovations and the companies that make them,” said Acting Consul General Israel Nitzan, Consulate General of Israel in New York . “This grant that has been awarded to New Jersey's Trialjectory and YonaLink in Jerusalem represents the kind of tech innovation that can and will save lives. By speeding up the process for connecting the right patients for clinical trials and managing the vital data from those trials, this BIRD grant represents not only our best technology, but our best ideals." “The BIRD Foundation continues to be the strategic technological platform to encourage industrial research and development cooperation between the United States and Israel,” said Inon Elroy, Economic Minister to the United States, Israel Economic Mission in New York . “These bilateral projects contribute to the economy of both countries and encourage growth and job creation. We are satisfied with the high number of winners from the East Coast states, especially New Jersey.” About the BIRD Foundation The BIRD (Binational Industrial Research and Development) Foundation works to encourage and facilitate cooperation between U.S. and Israeli companies in a wide range of technology sectors and offers funding to selected projects. The Foundation supports projects without receiving any equity or intellectual property rights in the participating companies or the projects, themselves. BIRD funding is repaid as royalties from sales of products that were commercialized as a result of BIRD support. The Foundation provides funding of up to 50% of a project's budget, beginning with R&D and ending with the initial stages of sales and marketing. The Foundation shares the risk and does not require repayment if the project fails to reach the sales stage. About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. nj.gov/state/njic.shtml Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate