Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/pollworker.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Poll Worker Application Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Poll Workers - New Jersey citizens needed! How to Become a Poll Worker New Jersey’s counties, in partnership with the Department of State, Division of Elections, are actively seeking residents to serve as poll workers for the upcoming Primary & General Election. Here are the answers to three top questions about becoming a poll worker: 1... WHY SHOULD I APPLY? Your community needs you! By staffing a polling location, you will: Earn $21.43 per hour on in-person early voting days and $300 on Election Day. See our great democracy in action, firsthand, and enjoy the feeling that comes with contributing to your local community, your state and your country. 2... WHO CAN APPLY? You can apply to serve as a poll worker in New Jersey if you: Are a United States citizen and a resident of New Jersey. Are a registered voter in the county in which you reside. Are at least 16 years of age. College and high school students are encouraged to apply. Note: Those under 18 years of age will work limited hours per shift and do not have to be registered to vote. Contact your County Board of Elections for further information. Are not running as a candidate in this election. 3... WHAT ELSE DO I NEED TO KNOW? Possible work dates for the in-person early voting period and Election Day. Hours and days may vary. Primary Election In-person Early Voting Period: June 6, 2025 – June 8, 2025 Election Day: June 10, 2025 General Election In-person Early Voting Period: October 25, 2025 – November 2, 2025 Election Day: November 4, 2025 Apply now! Poll Worker Application For Early Voting and Election Day All fields are required. Applicant Information Applicant Name: First Name Last Name Applicant Address: Street Address City/Town Zip Code Applicant Email Address: Applicant Phone Number: Are you a Registered Voter? Yes No Current Party Affiliation? Democrat Republican Other None Have you ever served as a Poll Worker? Yes No Current Military Status? Veteran Active Duty Family Member of Veteran Family Member of Active Duty Does Not Apply Which county do you live in? Select Your County Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Do you speak any other languages in addition to English? Arabic Chinese-Cantonese Chinese-Mandarin Gujarati Haitian Creole Hindi Korean Portuguese, Brazilian Portuguese, European Punjabi Spanish No other languages Applicant Availability Are you available to work anywhere in your county? Yes No In-person Early Voting locations will be open Monday-Saturday, 10:00 a.m.–8:00 p.m. and Sunday, 10:00 a.m.–6:00 p.m. Work schedules will be determined by your local county based on staffing needs and your availability. Primary Election In-person Early Voting: Friday, June 6, 2025 Saturday, June 7, 2025 Sunday, June 8, 2025 General Election In-person Early Voting Dates: Saturday, October 25, 2025 Sunday, October 26, 2025 Monday, October 27, 2025 Tuesday, October 28, 2025 Wednesday, October 29, 2025 Thursday, October 30, 2025 Friday, October 31, 2025 Saturday, November 1, 2025 Sunday, November 2, 2025 Election Day Voting locations will be open, 6:00 a.m.–8:00 p.m. Are you available to work on Primary Election Day, June 10, 2025 ? Yes No Are you available to work on General Election Day, November 4, 2025 ? Yes No Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate