Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2016-0607.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 7, 2016 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Visit New Jersey Tourism App Now Available on the Apple App Store and Google Play An App to plan and enhance your New Jersey getaway now available for iOS and Android devices TRENTON, N.J. – Available today, the Visit New Jersey App features all New Jersey has to offer right in the palm of your hand. From 130 miles of beautiful sand beaches to world-class arts and entertainment centers, a diversity of attractions, historical sites and natural beauty for outdoor enthusiasts, find yourself here. The Visit New Jersey App highlights key attractions and experiences throughout the state. You can create a “favorites list” of those can’t-miss places, activities and events for your perfect getaway. Discover more things to see and do based on your location – then get directions to find your way! “We all know how daunting it can be to plan a vacation or weekend getaway for a family of any size. By introducing this mobile app, visitors will have all the information they need at the tip of their hands,” said Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno. “While visitors are enjoying their New Jersey day trip, weekend getaway or vacation, they’ll just need to tap the Visit New Jersey Tourism App to discover nearby attractions and events – the ultimate tool for any visitor.” Use the Visit New Jersey App to find: Accommodations (Hotels, Motels, Inns, Bed & Breakfasts) Arts & Culture (Galleries, Museums, Performing Arts) Attractions (Amusement & Water Parks, Lighthouses) Beaches Campgrounds & RV Parks Casinos & Gaming Dining Events Historic Sites & Memorials Outdoors & Sport Recreation (Boating, Farms, Golfing, Parks) Shopping (Discount Outlets, Malls, Shopping Districts) Transportation Travel Information Tourism is a vital contributor to New Jersey’s economy and one of the state’s greatest assets. Last year alone, the tourism industry generated over $43.4 billion in visitor revenues, supported more than 512,000 jobs and contributed over $4.7 billion in state and local tax revenues. To learn more about destinations and vacation opportunities in New Jersey, visit the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism’s website at VisitNJ.org or call 1-800-VisitNJ. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate