Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0807.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 07, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State CHPRD Celebrates Graduates of 2024 Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD), a division within the New Jersey Department of State, celebrates the Class of 2024 as they graduate from the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program. TRENTON, NJ – The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD), a division within the New Jersey Department of State, celebrates the Class of 2024 as they graduate from the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program. This year’s cohort represents the largest group of Fellows since the program’s establishment nearly 40 years ago. For 8 weeks, New Jersey college students of Hispanic or Latino heritage participate in rigorous internships at public, private, and non-profit sector locations including PSE&G, Bristol Meyers Squibb, the Office of the New Jersey Governor, and Big Brothers Big Sisters of Essex, Hudson, and Union Counties. At the same time, these fellows also complete coursework that supports development of professional skills including written communication, negotiation, public speaking, organization and time management, professional etiquette, and the art of giving and receiving feedback. “Our diversity is one of New Jersey’s greatest strengths and leadership in both the public and private sector should reflect the people we serve,” said Acting Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the CHPRD in her capacity as Secretary of State. “For nearly 40 years, this Fellows program has helped develop current and future generations of New Jersey leaders and we are excited to see what this class of Fellows does next.” “Witnessing the fellows’ personal progress and growth throughout the program is inspiring,” said Deputy Chief of Staff and Executive Director of CHPRD Marelyn Rivera. “Many of our fellows are the first in the family to attend college or participate in a program like this, and we know that their successes break down barriers for our communities.” The graduation event recognized several fellows individually for their achievement during the program: Miguel Hernandez-Delgado was honored with the Class Speaker Award . A sophomore at The College of New Jersey (TCNJ) majoring in Management, Miguel is a first-generation Mexican-American and a bilingual student from Trenton, NJ. His summer was marked by a transformative experience with Hispanic Inspiring Students' Performance and Achievement (HISPA), where he excelled as a Data Entry Intern. Ashley Isabela Veras Ureña has received the Rising Star Award . A proud May 2024 graduate from Seton Hall University, Ashley lives in Paterson, New Jersey. She completed her placement at the New Jersey Department of Children and Families within the Child Permanency and Protection Division. During her time there, Ashley gained invaluable experience, observing dedicated caseworkers, participating in team meetings, and engaging with the various challenges and rewards of child welfare. Riley Ypelaar has been awarded the Outstanding Leadership Award . A rising junior at Clemson University from Saddle Brook, NJ, Riley excelled as a Legislative Intern for Assemblywoman Jessica Ramirez in NJ District 32. Her responsibilities included managing constituent case intake, organizing Bill Opinions, and improving the Assemblywoman’s social media presence. The Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program combines practical experience with traditional instruction, guest presentations, and unique skill-building opportunities, preparing Latin students for success in the 21st-century economy. This year's award recipients exemplify the program’s commitment to fostering future leaders. A number of fellows have been invited to continue their internship or have received an offer for full-time employment from their intern host upon graduation. To learn more about the program or apply to join the 2025 class of Governor’s Hispanic Fellows, visit https://nj.gov/state/chprd-hispanic-fellows-program.shtml . Included below are photos of the graduation program: Acting Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the CHPRD in her capacity as Secretary of State, addresses the Fellows Class of 2024 Miguel Hernandez-Delgado addresses the graduation as Class Speaker. CHPRD Executive Director Marelyn Rivera addresses the fellows. Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Class of 2024 enjoys their graduation program. About the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD): Housed within the New Jersey Department of State, the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD) was established in 1975 to address the needs of the Hispanic community, recognizing that this growing population has been historically underserved. The CHPRD has a director and an advisory committee, all appointed with approval of the Governor. The Secretary of State serves as an ex-officio member of the advisory committee. Beyond its oversight of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program, CHPRD works throughout the year to invest in Hispanic Community Based Organizations. It provides annual grant funding for qualified Hispanic-focused non-profit applicants working in Entrepreneurship, Citizenship and Integration, Workforce Development, and Community Service (within the following subcategories: children at risk, health risks and disease prevention, senior citizens, mental health). Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate