Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2017-0907.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 7, 2017 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service Awarded $283,333 to Strengthen and Expand Volunteering Across New Jersey TRENTON, N.J. – The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service (NJ Commission) announced today that it has received a Volunteer Generation Fund (VGF) grant of $283,333 from the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS), the federal agency that oversees AmeriCorps and the nation’s volunteer initiatives. This funding will allow the NJ Commission to better support local organizations in recruiting, managing, and retaining volunteers to address some of New Jersey’s most pressing challenges. Upon receipt of the award, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno stated: “Volunteer service is a major initiative of the New Jersey Department of State. We are therefore delighted to have received this national grant for our “Jersey Strong: I am a Volunteer” program. We look forward to working with volunteer centers in north and south Jersey and college-based programs throughout the state to make volunteering a central focus of our communities and campuses.” The program partners for the initiative are: the United Way of Northern New Jersey; the Volunteer Center of South Jersey; New Jersey Campus Compact; the John J. Heldrich Center for Workforce Development of Rutgers University; and the Volunteer Center of Burlington County. The grant will support the recruitment of 5,000 volunteers and over 150,000 volunteer hours each year of a three-year cycle. The goals of the grant also include building a new infrastructure of volunteerism that will pilot the collection and documentation of volunteer placements; enhancing campus volunteerism through a unified online inter-campus sharing of information, volunteer opportunities and alternative spring breaks; expanding school-based youth service learning; using volunteerism to assist the unemployed to return to the workforce; and increasing volunteer retention. This year’s grant competition was highly competitive with a strong demand by state service commissions seeking VGF resources. CNCS awarded 15 VGF grants to state service commissions across the country, totaling more than $3.7 million. The New Jersey’s grant of $283,333 is planned for each year of a three-year cycle, depending of the availability of federal funds and program success. Earlier this year, the NJ Commission received $3,682,871 in AmeriCorps funding from CNCS to provide AmeriCorps programs across the state for program year 2017-2018. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate