Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-0930.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 30, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program Forming Alumni Association TRENTON, NJ – As we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, Sara Pena, Director of the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD), is pleased to announce the formation of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program Alumni Association. First established in 1988, the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program is an 8-week summer program attracting high-performing students with an interest in diversity and inclusion, seeking the skills necessary to succeed in a professional workplace. The program combines quality internship opportunities for practical, hands-on experience with traditional classroom instruction, guest presentations by leading professionals, as well as other unique skill-building opportunities. For more than 30 years, the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program has helped prepare Latinx young people to lead in their own communities and throughout our state. CHPRD is currently accepting applications for the 2020 Governor’s Hispanic Fellows class and for the program’s 2020 partner employers . The establishment of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program Alumni Association will offer the program’s 900 alumni a formal network empowering their continued growth as leaders, community advocates, and mentors. The Association is expected to work with CHPRD and allies including Hispanics Inspiring Student's Performance and Achievement (HISPA) to support the development of the next generation of Latinx leaders, both within the fellowship program and throughout New Jersey. In recognizing the launch of this important asset, Director Sara Pena said: “Organizations across New Jersey have benefited from the tenures of Hispanic Fellows who join the ranks of close to a thousand alumni. The launch of the alumni association serves as testament to our program’s endurance and reputation. I am exceptionally proud of our alumni.” “I applaud the development of the Fellows Alumni Program and look forward to its efforts to strengthen Latinx leadership opportunities and development throughout our state,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “Our diversity is one of New Jersey’s greatest strengths and leadership in both the public and private sector should reflect the people we serve. Since nearly 20 percent of our state’s population identifies as Hispanic or Latinx, we are proud to support and invest in programs that elevate talented current and future leaders from this community.” About the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD): Housed within the New Jersey Department of State, the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD) was established in 1975 to address the needs of the Hispanic community, recognizing that this growing population has been historically underserved. The CHPRD has a director and an advisory committee, all appointed with approval of the Governor. The Secretary of State serves as an ex-officio member of the advisory committee. Beyond its oversight of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program, CHPRD works throughout the year to invest in Hispanic Community Based Organizations. It provides annual grant funding for qualified Hispanic-focused non-profit applicants working in Entrepreneurship, Citizenship and Integration, Workforce Development, and Community Service (within the following subcategories: children at risk, health risks and disease prevention, senior citizens, mental health). CHPRD FY2020 grant funding allocation details can be found here . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate