Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2014-0320.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - March 20, 2014 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Christie Administration Announces Record Statewide Tourism Levels For 2013 More Than $40 Billion in Tourism Demand Driven By Increased Spending and Visitation TRENTON, N.J. – The Christie Administration today announced that New Jersey’s tourism industry set a new record in 2013, generating more than $40 billion in overall tourism-related demand. Visitor spending, capital investment and general government support of tourism tallied a record of $40.4 billion, a 1.3 percent increase over 2012. Visitation in New Jersey also rose to 87.2 million in 2013, a 5.9 percent increase compared to 2012. The latest figures were announced by Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno at the 2014 New Jersey Conference on Tourism in Atlantic City. “Today’s numbers reaffirm the incredible resilience shown by New Jersey’s tourism industry and the commitment of our visitors, who continue to demonstrate their support by vacationing at our great tourist destinations after Sandy,” said Lt. Governor Guadagno. “The performance of our tourism industry is integral to the overall health of our state’s economy. To achieve this record progress is so encouraging for the future as New Jersey is well-positioned to build on this success entering the important spring and summer months.” According to The Economic Impact of Tourism Report released today by the Department of State, New Jersey’s travel and tourism industry directly supports 320,238 jobs, a slight increase over 2012 (.526 percent). This is good news for New Jersey, as employment growth in 2013 means that tourism employment has grown for three consecutive years. When combined with indirect and induced, total travel and tourism related jobs exceed 500,000, or 10 percent of all statewide jobs. “The impact that visitor spending has on creating jobs and essential tax revenue for so many communities statewide cannot be overstated,” added the Lt. Governor. “We look forward to further assisting more tourism-related businesses grow, and in doing so continue to promote the diversity of venues and destinations available to all visitors.” Other highlights of the annual tourism report include: Tourism generated $35.9 billion of state GDP in 2013, or 7 percent of the entire state economy. Were tourism in New Jersey a company, its sales would rank #70 on the Fortune 500 list – bigger than Sears, DuPont and Hess. The 320,238 jobs directly supported by tourism spending is larger than the private employment in all but four counties in New Jersey. Including both direct and indirect impacts, tourism in New Jersey generated $4.6 billion in state and local taxes and $5.2 billion in federal taxes last year. The $4.6 billion tourism generated in state and local taxes is equal to putting $55,750 on every single seat in MetLife Stadium, and represents more than $35 million per mile of coastline in New Jersey. A one-time supplemental award was also distributed to approved grant applicants based on additional marketing support needed in the aftermath of tourism losses as a result of Superstorm Sandy. Such awards were based on tourism spending by county, counties most impacted by Superstorm Sandy, according to the New Jersey Comprehensive Damage Assessment, and an applicants’ submission of assessment regarding Superstorm Sandy. The one-time supplemental grants were awarded to the following organizations: Shore Region Tourism Council - $25,000 Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce - $25,000 Southern Shore Region Tourism Council - $25,000 Beginning this month, New Jersey launched the “Going Strong” campaign to build upon last year’s success. A joint effort by the Division of Travel and Tourism and the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, the campaign will focus on the diversity of the state’s tourism appeal to visitors of all ages and interests. This includes, but is not limited to, New Jersey’s wealth of historical and cultural assets, its legendary shore destinations, and its collection of world-class entertainment venues. The majority of the digital and social media components are now live, with additional elements to follow. View the Economic Impact of Tourism Report, prepared by Tourism Economics . To learn more about destinations and vacation opportunities in New Jersey, visit the Division of Travel and Tourism online at VisitNJ.org . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate