Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/culturaltrust/ct-featured-grant-recipients-north-jersey-concert-band.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - NJ Cultural Trust - Capital Equipment Purchase: North Jersey Concert Band, Bergen County Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Cultural Trust The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Featured Grant Recipients Capital Equipment Purchase: North Jersey Concert Band, Bergen County The North Jersey Concert Band, led by Director Mike Roth, performs at July 2023 Summer Concert Series at the Fair Lawn Community Theater. Photo by John Pastore, courtesy of North Jersey Concert Band. The North Jersey Concert Band is an itinerant ensemble based in Bergen County. They travel to a range of venues, presenting more than a dozen concerts each year in communities throughout northern New Jersey and offering performance opportunities for their approximately 60 members, who range from seasoned professionals to students and hobbyists. NJCB received a $14,960 grant for a capital equipment purchase project through the Cultural Trust’s FY23 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations program. Capital equipment purchases are typically large, non-routine expenses that can sometimes be difficult for an organization to afford without destabilizing its finances. Yet, these investments can be critical to maintaining an organization’s operations and enabling its future growth. By supporting these purchases, the Cultural Trust can help its grantees increase their capacity without risking their stability. Prior to the FY23 grant project, the North Jersey Concert Band relied on its members to transport the group’s instruments in their own vehicles as they traveled across the region. This placed a burden on members and limited the size of instruments and equipment that the band could use. While the group identified owning a band trailer as an ideal solution to the problem, purchasing a trailer would have posed a significant challenge, as it cost more than an entire year’s revenue. Through the Cultural Trust grant, the North Jersey Concert Band was able to purchase a band trailer without risking its financial stability. The new trailer has made it much easier to haul instruments and equipment to and from concert venues, taking pressure off of the band’s musicians and volunteers. It also has supported growth in the band’s programming, travelling with them to a planned 16 concerts at 12 venues in 2024. Moreover, the ripple effects of the grant project go beyond logistics. Customized with the band’s name and website URL, the trailer serves as a “rolling billboard” to increase the group’s visibility. According to their grant report, the trailer has also “generated excitement” among its members and audience, “enabled thousands of dollars of fundraising,” and now serves as a home for the band’s new timpani, which previously would have been difficult or impossible for the band to transport. According to North Jersey Concert Band board member Robert Carter, this one-time investment has touched every facet of the organization, shifting its focus toward professionalization and “presenting to our audience a performing arts organization that is thriving.” Learn more about North Jersey Concert Band: https://www.northjerseyconcertband.org/ From left, Izzy Kasdin, New Jersey Cultural Trust Executive Director; Michael Roth, North Jersey Concert Band Conductor and Artistic Director; Avery Wehrs, Cultural Trust Grants and Operations Coordinator; and Robert Carter, NJCB Grant Coordinator, pose with NJCB’s grant-funded band trailer. Photo by Cultural Trust staff. Read About Past Grantees Cash Reserve: Algonquin Arts Theatre, Monmouth County Capital Equipment Purchase: North Jersey Concert Band, Bergen County Strategic Planning/Assessment: JAZZ HOUSE KiDS, Essex County Technology Upgrade: Cape May MAC, Cape May County Strategic Planning/Assessment: Alice Paul Institute, Burlington County New Staff Position: Institute of Music for Children, Union County Technology Upgrade: Morris Museum, Morris County Page Last Updated: 05/17/24 NJ Cultural Trust Grant Opportunities Trust Information News and Features Grant Features Cultural Trust Features Press Releases Resources Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate