Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0921.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 21, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Lt. Governor Way Kicks Off 6th Annual Ballot Bowl Camden, NJ – Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way joined students, faculty, and staff at Rutgers University-Camden to kick off the 6th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl. The New Jersey Ballot Bowl is an annual statewide non-partisan voter registration and engagement competition, established by Lieutenant Governor Way in her capacity as New Jersey Secretary of State, in which she serves as New Jersey’s chief election official. Collegiate-based teams compete within divisions based upon campus size to see who can register the most voters and obtain the most commitments to vote. Each year, thousands of young people across New Jersey participate and help their peers on campus, as well as people in the surrounding communities, become New Jersey voters. The competition ends on Election Day, November 7, 2023. The program featured speeches from Lieutenant Governor Way, Dr. Nyeema Watson, who is Senior Vice Chancellor for Strategy, Diversity, and Community Engagement at Rutgers University-Camden, as well as Matthew Brodsky, who serves as both a Bonner Civic Scholar and the President of the Student Governing Association (SGA) at the University. Additionally, there was a video message from Graham Gano, the No. 9 placekicker for the Giants, and a special appearance by World B. Free, the retired 76ers legend also known as the Prince of Midair. “Every year, thousands of students across New Jersey step up and join their campus Ballot Bowl team to help their classmates register to vote and participate in our elections,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way. “We’re so proud of this effort by young voters to get people excited and involved in our democracy. We can’t wait to see how all the teams do this year!” “Our campus community is honored to host the launch of Ballot Bowl 2023. We applaud Lieutenant Governor Way for her unwavering commitment to increasing the number of voters in our state by reducing barriers to voting,” said Rutgers University-Camden Chancellor Antonio D. Tillis. “As a Carnegie-classified community-engaged university, Rutgers-Camden prepares the next generation of civic leadership for our region, state, and nation. Voting is essential to our democracy, and I am very proud that Rutgers-Camden students are actively exercising their right to vote and helping others do so as well.” “Rutgers University-Camden has shown that we are committed to getting young people to be active participants in the political process and engaged in their communities," stated Matthew Brodsky, Bonner Civic Scholar and President of the Student Governing Association at Rutgers-Camden. “We are happy to see the New Jersey Division of Elections recognize all the hard work that has been dedicated to this commitment through the RUC Votes Coalition. For this country’s democracy to thrive we must continue to help young people become active participants in shaping policy.” The link to the recorded livestream event: https://fb.watch/naS8Y3bnvt/?mibextid=cr9u03 Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate