Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njcaia.shtml

NJ Department of State - New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs Public Meeting - February 13, 2025 This notice officially advises the public that the New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs will hold a public meeting on Thursday, February 13, 2025, at 10:00 A.M. The meeting will be held via Zoom, accessible via the following link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/88014553069?pwd=NbFdob8mrYz7qbanNz6Lx91aPdCcW2.1 Meeting ID: 880 1455 3069 Passcode: 857227 American Indian Commission Newsletter This notice officially advises the public of the commission newsletter. If you or someone you know would like to share an event with the community on our next issue, feel free to write in to Lewis Fragoso at lewis.fragoso@sos.nj.gov . November 2024 October 2024 September 2024 August 2024 Intertribal Youth Conference - Growing Up Native 2024 Intertribal Youth Conference - Growing Up Native - November 23, 2024 This notice officially advises the public that the New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs will hold its first Intertribal Youth Conference on Saturday, November 23, 2024, from 9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M. To register for the event please complete the online registration form in addition to signing and returning a written permission slip by November 2, 2024. The online registration can be completed via the QR code on our flyer , or by using this link: https://forms.office.com/g/YG6AGnCu7a . A printable version of the permission slip . The written permission slip is required for all attendees and can be turned in to any member of the SUD Grant team. Please direct any questions to Lewis Fragoso at lewis.fragoso@sos.nj.gov . The 100th Anniversary of the Indian Citizenship Act of 1924 In honor of the 100th anniversary of the Indian Citizenship Act of 1924, we present this short movie from the New Jersey Conservation Foundation about the perils to our planet and the rematriation of lands to local indigenous people. Nature for all(short movie) "In honor of the 100th anniversary of the Indian Citizenship Act. This short movie from the New Jersey Conservation Foundation, a work of art by Sourland Studios, beautifully captures this inspiring message of the perils of our planet and the significance of the rematriation movement. It is an inspiring story of the partnership that led to the Cohanzick Nature Reserve. The rematriation of lands to local Indigenous people, a significant pillar of the rematriation movement, is crucial for protecting our cultural heritage, preserving traditional knowledge, and fostering environmental sacred symbiosis rooted in centuries-old practices. The rematriation of the Cohanzick Nature Reserve marks a significant step in a nationwide movement, and how our collaborative efforts by the Native American Advancement Corporation (NAAC), New Jersey Conservation Foundation, New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection's (DEP) Green Acres Program, and The Nature Conservancy, can heal historical injustices. Acquired in August 2023, this 63-acre forested property in New Jersey returns to the Cohanzick Lenape people, the land's original inhabitants. This initiative honors our enduring connection to the land. It sets a precedent for similar efforts across the country, highlighting the importance of such partnerships in promoting social justice and sacred environmental symbiosis. We at NAAC will be forever grateful for these partnerships, the gift from the Creator, and the promise we keep for those of the next seven generations." Native American Heritage Month: New Jersey Indigenous Voices Info is from the NJ Historical Commission: History Resources/Audience Development // New Jersey Indigenous Voices Speaker Series found on this page: https://www.nj.gov/state/historical/his-resources.shtml Language: New Jersey’s Indigenous Voices Speaker Series The NJ Historical Commission is hosting a series of virtual programs to facilitate a deeper and more complex public understanding of Indigenous history and life in New Jersey and beyond the state’s colonized borders. This series was made possible with support from the New Jersey Council for the Humanities, a state partner of the National Endowment for the Humanities, and developed in partnership with the New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs. Please see below links to past recordings and resources: Sharing the Continuing Story of Indigenous Peoples in New Jersey Sharing the Continuing Story of Indigenous Peoples in New Jersey Webinar Recording Sharing the Continuing Story of Indigenous Peoples in New Jersey Resources List Exploring Indigeneity: Native Identity and Expression Exploring Indigeneity: Native Identity and Expression Webinar Recording Native American Mascots: Creating Change in New Jersey Native American Mascots: Creating Change in New Jersey Webinar Recording An Opinion Piece The Meaning behind Indian Heads, Tomahawk Chops, and Other Racist, Demoralizing Logos and Images in American Culture: Massacre and Myth By Eileen De Freece, PhD Ramapough Lenape Nation Commissioner, New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs For well over a hundred years, Native American leaders and activists have rejected the use of the Indian Head, as well as other images as logos for schools, sports teams, advertisers, and even coins. ... As an honoree of the New Jersey Historical Commission, the award presentation to Claire Garland stated: Ms.Garland, of Neptune, New Jersey is a long-time champion of New Jersey’s Native American heritage. A member of the Sand Hill Band of Lenape, she is a tireless advocate for her people and for Native American history and rights generally. A lifelong educator, Claire taught for 36 years in the Tinton Falls School District. She received her BS in Education from Monmouth College (now Monmouth University) and her Master in the Sociological and Philosophical Foundations of Education from Rutgers University. A lifelong educator, Claire’s teaching has not been limited to the classroom but includes regular presentations to schools and community groups where she has shared the stories of her ancestors, New Jersey’s first inhabitants. She has researched and written about the life and times of Cherokee Indian Ike of Monmouth, developed a CD, website, and Facebook page on the Sand Hill Indians, consulted on museum exhibits, and presented on NJNTV. She has lectured across the state on the Lenape people and is the recognized expert on the Sand Hill Band. Her presentation “American Indian Culture Surrounds Us” has enlightened generations of New Jerseyans regarding our state’s rich Native American heritage. Claire is also a member of the New Jersey Council on American Indian Afairs where she serves with diligence and distinction. In honor of her tireless work to educate the public on New Jersey’s Native Americans, past and present, she is presented an award of the NJ Historical Commission. The New York Times In 1920, Native Women Sought the Vote. Here’s What’s Next. The 19th Amendment did not bring the right to vote to all Native women, but two experts in a conversation said it did usher in the possibility of change. By Cathleen D. Cahill and Sarah Deer The Indigenous suffragist Gertrude Simmons Bonnin, also known as Zitkala-Sa, a citizen of the Yankton Sioux Tribe. After the ratification of the 19th Amendment, she reminded the rejoicing, newly enfranchised white women that the fight was not over. Credit...National Museum of American History Funding Opportunities The Department of the Interior Bureau of Indian Affairs, Office of Indian Energy and Economic Development (IEED) is soliciting proposals through its Native American Business Development Institute (NABDI) for technical assistance funding to hire consultants to perform feasibility studies of economic development opportunities, including tourism development. The National Park Service Community Assistance in Conservation and Outdoor Recreation program will provide technical assistance with locally-led conservation and outdoor recreation project. This is a great way to receive trail planning, concept designs, facilitation, signage, programming, partnership outreach and community engagement. *Throughout the NJCAIA website, we include links to information on other websites. We provide these links solely to help users find additional useful information. Chief Standing Bear Quarterly Meeting - 09/25/19 The New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs was hosted by The Hopewell Museum for its quarterly meeting on September 25, 2019. The New York Times ‘As Native Americans, We Are in a Constant State of Mourning’ The return of ancestors and artifacts can become a form of restorative justice. By Chip Colwell Dr. Colwell is an anthropologist and museum curator in Denver. University of Northern Colorado maintenance crew workers guide a 600-pound bear totem pole top into a crate to be shipped back to the Tlingit Nation in Angoon, Alaska, where the totem originally stood and disappeared in 1908. - CreditCreditGlenn Asakawa/The Denver Post, via Getty Images Meeting of the NJ Commission on American Indian Affairs Meeting of the NJ Commission on American Indian Affairs, May 18, 2017 at the New Jersey State Museum. Pictured from upper left: Commission Chair Lewis Greysquirrel Pierce, Rowena Madden, Steven Burton, Eileen DeFreece, Claire Garland Renee Copola, Greg Lattani, Justin Higgs, Joanne Hawkins, Urie Ridgeway. Wisdom from the Past, Visions for the Future “In our every deliberation, we must consider the impact of our decisions on the next seven generations.” Iroquois statement Commission Home About the Commission Funding Opportunities Scholarships Government Resources Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate