Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-ethnic-advisory-council.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Ethnic Advisory Council Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Ethnic Advisory Council Executive Order #56 Governor James J. Florio Continues Executive Orders 99 & 206 (Kean) for the Ethnic Advisory Council. Continues Executive Orders #11, #99 and #206 (Kean) WHEREAS , on July 23, 1982, Executive Order No. 11 created an Ethnic Advisory Council to advise the Governor regarding the needs of the ethnic communities in New Jersey; and WHEREAS , the Council membership was subsequently increased by Executive Order No. 99 on May 7, 1985; and Executive Order No. 206 on April 25, 1989; and WHEREAS , the continued influx of new ethnic groups into New Jersey has precipitated the need to increase our awareness, appreciation and understanding of each of these new ethnic groups; and WHEREAS , increasing the membership of the Ethnic Advisory Council to include representatives from these new groups will allow for a better understanding of their contributions and needs; NOW, THEREFORE, I, JAMES J. FLORIO , Governor of the State of New Jersey, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and by the Statutes of this State, do hereby ORDER and DIRECT: Section 2(a) and 2(b) of Executive Order 11 are hereby amended as follows: "2(a). The Council shall consist of 46 members appointed by the Governor. At least 38 of these appointees shall be representatives of ethnic communities within the State of New Jersey. In selecting the Council membership, consideration shall be given to appointing as broad a representative sample as possible of New Jersey's ethnic communities. All new members of the Ethnic Advisory Council who are appointed upon the effective date of this Order shall serve a full two-year term from the date of this Order." "2(b). The Commissioners of the Departments of Community Affairs and Education, the Secretary of State, the Chancellor of Higher Education, the Chairman of the State Council of the Arts, the Chairman of the New Jersey Historical Commission, the Director of the Division on Civil Rights, or their designees, and the Ethnics Community Liaison, appointed by the Governor shall serve on the Council in an ex-officio capacity." This Order shall take effect immediately. GIVEN, under my hand and seal this 11th day of February in the Year of Our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and ninety-two, and of the Independence of the United States, the two hundred and sixteenth. /s/ James J. Florio Governor Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate