Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2012-0921.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - >Press Releases - September 21, 2012 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Jersey Shore Regions Welcome Second Season For many shore-area residents and beach enthusiasts, Labor Day marks the beginning of the fall “shoulder season,” a time when many feel the Jersey Shore really shines. TRENTON, NJ – The fall season is just around the corner, yet the “second season” is underway along the Jersey Shore. “September through early November is an ideal time to visit the Jersey Shore. It’s perfect for a cozy three day weekend or an extended stay at your favorite hotel or bed and breakfast inn,” says Grace Hanlon, executive director of the New Jersey Division of Travel & Tourism. “There is something fun and festive going on every weekend and the weather is delightful this time of year.” Many seaside municipalities have recognized the value of extending special events into the fall, which bring more people to the shore and generate revenues for the towns. Enjoy two days of unlimited chowder tasting in Long Beach Island during the 24th Annual Chowder Cook-off Classic: Chowderfest 2012 , Sunday, September 30. Live music, children's entertainment and a food court are all part of the event, which is held rain or shine. Winners are decided by the peoples choice, with all who attend serving as “official tasters" and casting a ballot for their favorite savory red (Manhattan) and wonderful white (New England) chowder. What the chefs get in return are bragging rights for the year and the smiles of many soup lovers. Visitors yearning for a simpler time can see one of America’s largest collections of Victorian homes during Cape May’s 40th Annual Victorian Weekend , October 5-9. Hailed as “A Top 100 event in North America,” this celebration of Cape May’s Victorian heritage includes historic house tours, evening “ghost tours,” lectures and murder mystery dinners, brass band concerts and the temptingly titled “Chocolate Fantasy Buffet.” From '50s legend Bill Haley launching his hit single “Rock Around the Clock” and Chubby Checker introducing his hit “The Twist,” the five-mile island of the Wildwoods has a rich history of rock 'n roll. The 9th Annual Fabulous '50s Weekend in the Wildwoods is a musical celebration of Wildwood's role in the birth of Rock and Roll, to be held October 12 and 13. Restless travelers looking for a maritime adventure should consider participating in the Lighthouse Challenge of New Jersey , October 20-21. The event challenges intrepid travelers to visit the state’s land-based lighthouses over the course of the weekend. Participating lighthouses and museums include: Absecon, Barnegat, Barnegat Light Historical Museum, Cape May, Cape May County Museum, East Point, Finns Point, Hereford Inlet, Navesink/Twin Lights, US Life Saving Station, Sandy Hook, Sea Girt, Tatham Life Saving Station, Tinicum and Tuckerton Seaport. Travelers interested in participating in a signature Jersey Shore activity need look no further than the Annual Long Beach Island Surf Fishing Classic in Ship Bottom, running from October 8 – December 4. The eight week surf fishing for striped bass and bluefish tournament is open to sportsmen of all shapes and sizes determined to hook the big catch of the season. Anglers from across the region are welcomed to frequent the official weigh-in stations throughout the island for a chance at the daily, weekly and grand prizes for lucky tournament participants. Whether you’re traveling to New Jersey for vacation, a sporting event, fall festival, conference or meeting, you’ll find a variety of the Garden State’s finest attractions, accommodations, events and happenings to choose from at www.visitnj.org . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate