Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/historical/his-publications-online.shtml

NJ Department of State - Historical Commission - Online Publications Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Historical Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Online Publications The following New Jersey Historical Commission out-of-print publications have been scanned and put online, courtesy of Deborah Mercer at the New Jersey State Library. All online publications can be found here: https://dspace.njstatelib.org/xmlui/handle/10929/18507 The Governors of New Jersey: 1664-1974 edited by Paul A. Stellhorn and Michael J. Birkner Forty-nine specialists in New Jersey history have contributed to this book. Their essays concentrate on the governors' terms in the state house, explaining the main forces, movements and events of the times. Separately they serve as reference articles. As a group they bring the history of politics and government in New Jersey to historians and general readers from a fresh and informative angle. Afro-Americans in New Jersey: A Short History by Giles R. Wright A concise history of blacks in the state since the seventeenth century. The book characterizes New Jersey as an ambivalent home for blacks: it has offered opportunity to multitudes, but a least until World War II, it lagged behind other northern states in offering them equality. “Steal Away, Steal Away...” A Guide to the Underground Railroad in New Jersey Some of those daring and artful runaway slaves who entered New Jersey by way of the Underground Railroad (UGRR) no doubt sang the words of old Negro spirituals like "Steal Away" before embarking on their perilous journey north. The lyrics of these precious black folk songs indeed often had double meanings, serving as code songs that conveyed plans to escape the yoke of bondage. New Jersey's Revolutionary Experience Pamphlet series A series of twenty-eight now out-of-print pamphlets published by the New Jersey Historical Commission to commemorate the Bicentennial of the American Revolution. The pamphlets explore New Jersey history at the time of the Revolution, by either looking at New Jersey's contribution to the Revolution or by studying some aspect of life in New Jersey during that time period. New Jersey in the American Revolution - 1763-1783: A Chronology by Dennis P. Ryan This chronology is a guide to noteworthy events and dates that helped shape New Jersey’s revolutionary history. Aside from providing a brief chronicle of significant political developments and military maneuvers, the chronology supports New Jersey’s claim to the title, “The Cockpit of the Revolution. New Jersey in the American Revolution - 1763-1783: A Documentary History edited by Larry R. Gerlach This volume provides a convenient compilation of documents basic to an understanding of the American Revolution in New Jersey. Materials have been selected from the widest possible range of sources - correspondence, diaries, memoirs, newspapers, broadsides, town records, committee minutes, legislative journals. The documents are divided into two general portions: the coming of the Revolution and the War for Independence. The volume focuses upon the evolution of the protest-independence movement, the transition from royal to republican government, the maintenance of civil authority during time of war, the division between rebel and royalist, the travails of warfare, and the experiment in self-government at the state and national levels under the Articles of Confederation. New Jersey African-American History Curriculum Guide: Grades 9-12 by Larry A. Greene and Lenworth Gunther This guide is organized into fifteen lesson units. Each unit represents one chronological period of the African American experience, beginning with the African antecedents of this experience and ending with the year 1994. Each unit is divided into three main sections. The first comprises a brief historical overview of the period, the basic historical information needed to teach the unit. The unit's second section provides activities and resources that will help the students absorb the historical information. Each core lesson has several parts. The first is the theme, the major point of the lesson unit. Next is an identification of the materials that both the teacher and students should read to ensure full comprehension. The third section features the materials to be used with the lesson (for example, maps, photographs, excerpts); these are to be reproduced and distributed to the students. About the Commission Grant Opportunities Awards & Prizes African American History Materials for Teachers Media Projects Publications History Resources Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate