Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-1007.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 7, 2020, NJ Film Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The Trial of the Chicago 7 Debuts on Netflix NEWARK, NJ - Aaron Sorkin’s powerful new drama The Trial of the Chicago 7 will begin streaming on Netflix beginning October 16th. Shot entirely in New Jersey, the feature film recounts the infamous 1969 trial of seven well-known defendants, including Abby Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, Bobby Seale and Tom Hayden, charged by the federal government with conspiracy and other crimes following the anti-war protests at the 1968 Chicago Democratic Convention. The trial transfixed the country and sparked a national debate about mayhem intended to undermine the U.S. government. Most of the filming took place in Paterson at the former Community Baptist Church of Love (where the courtroom scenes were staged) and at a mansion in the Eastside Historic District. Additional scenes were filmed in Newark (at City Hall and other sites), Clifton, Hoboken and Montclair, and at Saint Elizabeth University in Morristown and Fairleigh Dickinson University in Madison. Sorkin, who won the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar for The Social Network, is perhaps best known for the hit television series The West Wing . He wrote and directed The Trial of the Chicago 7 , featuring an all-star cast that includes Sacha Baron Cohen, Jeremy Strong, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Michael Keaton, Eddie Redmayne, Mark Rylance, Kelvin Harrison Jr. and New Jersey natives Frank Langella and Daniel Flaherty. “We’re thrilled that New Jersey served as the backdrop to bring this important story to life on screen,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “ The Trial of the Chicago 7 hired hundreds of Garden State workers and contributed millions to our economy, illustrating the powerful impact of our state’s growing film industry.” “This is one of many major productions filmed in New Jersey in 2019,” according to Michael Uslan, Chairman of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission. “These projects generated in excess of $415 million for the state economy in 2019 alone, and created thousands of jobs.” The production company, Cross Creek Pictures, hired over 430 crew members for the filming of The Trial of the Chicago 7 , accruing over $30 million in costs for labor, goods and services. The New Jersey Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program currently offers eligible production companies a 30-35% transferable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, plus an additional 2% diversity bonus for qualified productions. The program has brought about a dramatic increase in motion picture and television activity in the state since its inception in 2018. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate