Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0714.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 14, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission Announces 2023 I Have A Dream grantees TRENTON, NJ – After review by an independent panel, the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission has announced the twenty-two recipients of the I have a Dream mini-grant from approximately 70 applicants. This grant will allow communities to commemorate the 60th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s I HAVE A DREAM speech, delivered at the March on Washington on August 28, 1963. The events or programs will take place across the state on or around the anniversary of the historic speech. “I am pleased to congratulate all of our I Have a Dream grant award recipients”, said New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “We are proud to support programming in communities across New Jersey to commemorate Dr. King’s speech and further his legacy and our understanding of his work.” “On behalf of the New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission, I want to thank all of the applicants for their creative and engaging applications. The Commission is grateful that New Jerseyans across the state will have an opportunity to commemorate this historic speech,” Commission Chairman George Guy said. “And we invite, our friends, neighbors and visitors to join in.” NEW JERSEY DR. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. 2023 I HAVE A DREAM grant recipients MLK23 I have a Dream Grant Recipients TOWN EVENT Demarest Elementary School Bloomfield MLK Literacy Day New Jersey Orators, Inc. Bridgewater "Remembering Their Legacy: An Oral History of our Seniors" Literacy New Jersey Edison MLK I Have a Dream 2023 Community Access Unlimited, Inc. Elizabeth “We Still Have a Dream" Friends of Bergen-Lafayette Montessori School Jersey City The Right to Read - The Greatest Civil Rights Issue of Our Time (A Clips & Conversation Event) Riverfront Renaissance Center for the Arts "RRCA" Millville "Growing a Community" mural project Friends of the Howe House Montclair 2023 Montclair I Have a Dream Festival Clinton Hill Community Action Newark A "King" Celebration: From D.C to Clinton Hill Lincoln Park Coast Cultural District Newark Lincoln Park Youth Arts Collective: Dream In Color Oaklyn Baptist Church Oaklyn Experiencing the Dream Academy for Urban Leadership Charter School Perth Amboy "I Have A Dream" Temporary Street mural. Norwescap Phillipsburg EPIC - Building an Antiracist World through Education, Participation, Intention & Courage Refugee Assistance Partners NJ Scotch Plains Achieving the Dream: A Better Future For All Raritan Valley (NJ) Chapter - The Links, Inc. Somerset Reflections and Renewal: A Commemorative Celebration of the Dream MLK Jr Birthday Committee, Inc. of ML KBergen County Teaneck I HAVE A DREAM-OUR SHARED DESTINY Isles Inc Recreation Trenton T-Recs Field Days Isles, Inc. Garden Trenton Trenton Sensory Park Passaic Street Business Association, Inc. Trenton "Following Up on the Dream" Shiloh Baptist Church CDC Trenton Supporting the Dream: Back2School Festival and Community Clothing Giveaway Michele Mitchell Scholarship Fund West New York I Have a Dream, Too South Jersey Artist Collective Woodbury DR KING: A MURAL with and for the community About the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission: Established by the Legislature, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission, based in the Department of State, develops, coordinates and advises the Governor on Statewide activities in honor of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s birthday. Further, it is the purpose of the Commission to create programs designed to educate the people of New Jersey about Martin Luther King, Jr. and the Civil Rights Movement. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate