Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/historical/his-resources.shtml

NJ Department of State - Historical Commission - History Resources/Audience Development Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Historical Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State History Resources/Audience Development Recent NJHC Resources | Revolution NJ Resources | Workshop Resources/Audience Development | Heritage Tourism | Memoriams | Museums | Societies & Associations | Libraries | Legislative Resources | Other NJ History Websites Recent NJHC Resources Never Forget Webinar Recording A recording of our recent webinar Never Forget: The Slave Trade and Middle Passage on New Jersey's Shores is now available. We are also pleased to share answers to a list of questions the panelists were not able to address during the session. New Jersey’s shores were sites for the international slave trade in the eighteenth century. This panel, recorded on Wednesday, February 23, at 6 p.m., honored the lives of the people sold here, shared the history of the Middle Passage in New Jersey and highlighted the recently installed historical markers that memorialize this injustice. Feature panelists included Ann Chinn, Director of the Middle Passage Ceremonies and Port Markers Project; Derek Davis, Board Member, Camden County Historical Society; and William Galeta, Independent Scholar. The panel will be moderated by Noelle Lorraine Williams. RJ McDowell, the daughter of New Jersey's beloved poet and author Sandra Turner Barnes, recited two of her mother's poems in her honor. This panel is the fourth in the African American History Program series Black Is: African American History and Sites in New Jersey . COVID-19 Resources for New Jersey History and Cultural Organizations New Jersey’s Indigenous Voices Speaker Series The NJ Historical Commission is hosting a series of virtual programs to facilitate a deeper and more complex public understanding of Indigenous history and life in New Jersey and beyond the state’s colonized borders. This series was made possible with support from the New Jersey Council for the Humanities, a state partner of the National Endowment for the Humanities, and developed in partnership with the New Jersey Commission on American Indian Affairs. Please see below links to past recordings and resources: New Jersey Indigenous History Education New Jersey Indigenous Education Report Sharing the Continuing Story of Indigenous Peoples in New Jersey Sharing the Continuing Story of Indigenous Peoples in New Jersey Webinar Recording Sharing the Continuing Story of Indigenous Peoples in New Jersey Resources List Exploring Indigeneity: Native Identity and Expression Exploring Indigeneity: Native Identity and Expression Webinar Recording Native American Mascots: Creating Change in New Jersey Native American Mascots: Creating Change in New Jersey Webinar Recording New Jersey, The Last Northern State to End Slavery By Noelle Lorraine Williams, Director, African American History Program, New Jersey Historical Commission In June 2021, the NJHC marked the state’s newest state holiday, Juneteenth, by exploring the people, laws, and economic leaders that kept African Americans enslaved in New Jersey until 1865. This essay discusses the origins of Juneteenth and New Jersey’s singular relationship with the holiday. On June 16, 2021, Noelle moderated a panel of that same name featuring Dr. James Amemasor, Will Likely Endeavor to Pass for Free’: Runaway Slave Advertisements in New Jersey Newspapers, 1777-1808 , and Dr. James J. Gigantino, The Ragged Road to Abolition: Slavery and Freedom in New Jersey, 1775-1865 . Check out a recording of the event . The NJHC marked the day of Juneteenth with a virtual conversation between Noelle and New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way about the holiday and its legacy in the state. Don’t miss the full conversation to learn more . Revolution NJ Resources Revolution NJ is a partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution (Crossroads) to plan the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in New Jersey. The initiative has developed the following resources for organizations and individuals seeking to learn more and plan for the 250th. More information is also available on the Crossroads website . Share Your Suggestions for Revolution NJ Revolution NJ is opening a virtual Suggestion Box to gather the best ideas for commemorating the 250th. Do you have an idea for a program, event or activity that should be an official part of Revolution NJ? Add it to the suggestion box . New Jersey Social Studies Survey Results Revolution NJ Strategic Framework Executive Summary Full Document - Strategic Framework Revolution NJ Interpretative Framework One Pager Full Document - Interpretative Framework Crossroads Site and Visitor Readiness Assessment Executive Summary - Visitor Readiness Assessment Full Report Appendices List of Sites by Market Potential List of Sites by County Visitor Readiness & Site Assessment Frequently Asked Questions Workshop Resources/Audience Development 2016 and 2017: Understanding Audience Needs Through Evaluation - Evaluation Definitions and Tips March 2015: Serving Audiences in New Ways - Catherine Fukushima and Robert Kiihne September 2014: Understanding Audiences - Max von Balgooy Heritage Tourism The Economic & Fiscal Impacts of Heritage Tourism in New Jersey Memoriams Maureen Ogden Richard Waldron Henry N. Drewry Dr. Clement Price John T. Cunningham Legislative Resources To assist New Jersey legislators, the New Jersey Historical Commission distributes a monthly newsletter titled Past Matters. In addition, we have created historical briefings to provide context on legislative debates. Historical Briefings Affordable Housing, March 2024 Open Public Records Act, May 2024 Issues of Past Matters March 2024 April 2024 May 2024 June 2024 July 2024 August 2024 September 2024 Other New Jersey History Websites DEP Historic Sites and Districts Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony Papers Project The History of the City of Newark, NJ The Horseneck Founders of New Jersey National History Standards New Jersey Core Curriculum Content Standards New Jersey Council for the Humanities New Jersey Cultural Trust New Jersey Historic Preservation Office New Jersey Historic Trust New Jersey History Partnership Project New Jersey Travel and Tourism NJGenWeb Archives Oral History Archives of World War II Rutgers Cartography - Historical Maps Rutgers University Press Thomas A. Edison Papers About the Commission Grant Opportunities Awards & Prizes African American History Materials for Teachers Media Projects Publications History Resources Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate