Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-elections-19-60-63.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Division of Elections, 19-60-63 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Division of Elections In January 2014, the Governor signed into law P.L. 2013, c. 259 . Pursuant to that statute the Department of State provides the following Laws and Regulations as a service to our users. The Laws and Regulations displayed here have been copied from: NJ Statutes Annotated (NJSA) NJ Administrative Code (NJAC) Executive Orders Index Please refer to the above links for the most recent updates. Page Updated Statutes 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:1-1 - 19:9-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:10-1 - 19:19-17 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:20-1 - 19:29-14 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:31-1 - 19:37-5 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:44A-1 - 19:49-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:50-1 - 19:59-16 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:60-1 - 19:63-28 02/03/23 NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles and Traffic Regulation (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40 - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40A - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/24/23 NJAC Title 15: Subchapter 10 - Elections Electronic Poll Book Rules, Special Adopted New Rules: N.J.A.C. 15:10-7 02/03/23 NJSA Title 52 - State Government, Departments and Officers (Pertaining to Elections) Last updated: 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:60 NJSA 19:60-1 School elections, adjustments, ballots 1. a. Except as otherwise provided in this section, an annual school election shall be held in a type II district on the third Tuesday in April. However, in any school year, the Commissioner of Education shall make any adjustments to the school budget and election calendar which may be necessary to change the annual school election date or any other school budget and election calendar date if that date coincides with a period of religious observance that limits significantly the usual activities of the followers of a particular religion or that would result in significant religious consequences for such followers. The commissioner shall inform local school boards, county clerks and boards of election of these adjustments no later than the first working day in January of the year in which the adjustments are to occur. As used in this subsection "a period of religious observance" means any day or portion thereof on which a religious observance imposes a substantial burden on an individual's ability to vote. An annual school election shall be held simultaneously with the general election on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November in school districts in which the annual school election has been moved to that date pursuant to subsection a. of section 1 of P.L.2011, c.202 (C.19:60-1.1) or pursuant to section 1 of P.L.2012, c.78 (C.19:60-1.2). The annual school election in November shall be for the purpose of submitting a proposal to the voters for the approval of additional funds in a Type II district without a board of school estimate pursuant to paragraph (9) of subsection d. of section 5 of P.L.1996, c.138 (C.18A:7F-5), for the purpose of electing members of the board of education, and for any other purpose authorized by law. b. All school elections shall be by ballot and, except as otherwise provided by P.L.1995, c.278 (C.19:60-1 et al.), shall be conducted in the manner provided for general elections pursuant to Title 19 of the Revised Statutes. No party designation shall appear on any ballot to be used in a school election. At the request of one or more candidates, the ballot for a school election may include a designation in not more than three words that conveys the principles which the candidate or candidates therein named represent, but such designation shall not contain the name, or a derivative or any part thereof, as a noun or an adjective of any political party entitled to participate in a primary election. L.1995, c.278, s.1; amended 2003, c.20; 2008, c.129, s.1; 2011, c.202, s.33; 2012, c.78, s.5; 2018, c.20, s.1. NJSA 19:60-1.1 Procedure for moving the date of school elections 1. a. (1) The question of moving the date of a school district's annual school election to the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November, to be held simultaneously with the general election, shall be submitted to the legal voters of a local or regional school district, other than a Type II district with a board of school estimate, whenever a petition signed by not less than 15% of the number of legally qualified voters who voted in the district at the last preceding general election held for the election of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States is filed with the board of education. The question shall be submitted to the voters of the district at the next general election, provided that at least 60 days have lapsed since the date of the filing of the petition. In the event that the question is not approved by the voters, no petition may be filed to submit the question to the voters within one year after an election shall have been held pursuant to any petition filed pursuant to this subsection. The date of the annual school election may be moved to the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November without voter approval, upon the adoption of a resolution by the board of education of a local or regional school district, other than a Type II district with a board of school estimate, or the governing body or bodies of the municipality or municipalities constituting the district. Prior to holding a meeting for the adoption of the resolution to move the date of the annual school election, the governing body or bodies of the municipality or municipalities constituting the district shall provide adequate notice of the meeting to the affected board or boards of education. (2) In the event that the date of a school district's annual school election is moved to the day of the general election, the annual school election in November shall be held for the purpose of submitting a proposal to the voters for approval of additional funds pursuant to paragraph (9) of subsection d. of section 5 of P.L.1996, c.138 (C.18A:7F-5), for the purpose of electing members of the board of education, and for any other purpose authorized by law. A vote shall not be required on the district's general fund tax levy for the budget year, other than the general fund tax levy required to support a proposal for additional funds. (3) In addition to the process set forth in paragraph (1) of this subsection, in the event that all the constituent districts of a limited purpose regional school district approve moving the date of their annual school elections to November, by any of the procedures established pursuant to this subsection, then the annual school election for the limited purpose regional school district shall also be conducted simultaneously with the general election. (4) In the event that the date of a school district's annual school election is moved to the day of the general election pursuant to this subsection, the board of education and the county board of elections shall enter into an agreement, pursuant to guidelines established by the Secretary of State, under which the board of education shall pay any agreed upon increase in the costs, charges, and expenses that may be associated with holding the school election simultaneously with the general election. b. (1) In the case of a school district that has moved the date of its annual school election to November pursuant to subsection a. of this section, the question of moving the date of the school district's annual school election to the third Tuesday in April shall be submitted to the legal voters of a local or regional school district, other than a Type II district with a board of school estimate, whenever a petition signed by not less than 15% of the number of legally qualified voters who voted in the district at the last preceding general election held for the election of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States is filed with the board of education. The question shall be submitted to the voters of the district at the next general election, provided that at least 60 days have lapsed since the date of the filing of the petition. The date of the annual school election may be moved to the third Tuesday in April without voter approval, upon the adoption of a resolution by the board of education of a local or regional school district, other than a Type II district with a board of school estimate, or the governing body or bodies of the municipality or municipalities constituting the district. Prior to holding a meeting for the adoption of the resolution to move the date of the annual school election, the governing body or bodies of the municipality or municipalities constituting the district shall provide adequate notice of the meeting to the affected board or boards of education. No resolution may be adopted and no petition may be filed pursuant to this subsection until at least four annual school elections have been held in November. (2) In the event that the date of the annual school election is moved to the third Tuesday in April, a vote shall be held on the district's general fund tax levy for the budget year including any proposal for additional funds pursuant to paragraph (9) of subsection d. of section 5 of P.L.1996, c.138 (C.18A:7F-5), the election of members of the board of education, and for any other purpose authorized by law. (3) In addition to the process set forth in paragraph (1) of this subsection, in the event that all the constituent districts of a limited purpose regional school district approve moving the date of their annual school elections to the third Tuesday in April, by any of the procedures established pursuant to this subsection, then the annual school election for the limited purpose regional school district shall also be conducted on the third Tuesday in April. c. Notice, in writing, to change the date of a school election from the third Tuesday in April to the first Tuesday in November shall be given to the county clerk no less than 60 days prior to the third Tuesday in April to take effect for that year's election. For a change from the first Tuesday in November to the third Tuesday in April, notice must be given to the county clerk no less than 85 days prior to the third Tuesday in April to take effect for that year's election. Timely notice shall also be given by the board of education or municipal governing body adopting such resolution to any other affected boards of education and municipal governing bodies. L.2011, c.202, s.1; amended 2012, c.78, s.8; 2013, c.172, s.5. NJSA 19:60-1.2 Moving date of certain school district annual school election 1. a. Notwithstanding any other law or regulation to the contrary, a Type II district with a board of school estimate may move the date of the school district's annual school election pursuant to the provisions of section 1 of P.L.2011, c.202 (C.19:60-1.1). b. Notwithstanding any other law or regulation to the contrary, in the event that the date of the annual school election is moved to the day of the general election in a Type II district with a board of school estimate, the election shall be held for the purpose of electing members of the board of education and for any other purpose authorized by law. The board of school estimate shall not determine the district's general fund tax levy for the budget year, other than the general fund tax levy required to support a proposal for additional funds pursuant to paragraph (9) of subsection d. of section 5 of P.L.1996, c.138 (C.18A:7F-5). c. Notwithstanding any other law or regulation to the contrary, in a Type II district with a board of school estimate that has moved the date of its annual school election to November and subsequently moves the annual school election to the third Tuesday in April, a vote shall be held for the purpose of electing members of the board of education and for any other purpose authorized by law. The board of school estimate shall determine the district's general fund tax levy for the budget year, including any proposal for additional funds pursuant to paragraph (9) of subsection d. of section 5 of P.L.1996, c.138 (C.18A:7F-5). L.2012, c.78, s.1. NJSA 19:60-2 Special elections; days, certain, changes; notice 2. a. Except as otherwise provided pursuant to subsection c. of this section, the board of education of a type II district may call a special election of the legal voters of the district on only the fourth Tuesday in January, the second Tuesday in March, the last Tuesday in September, or the second Tuesday in December when in its judgment the interests of the schools require such an election. The board of education shall give the municipal clerk or clerks, as the case may be, and the county board of elections no less than 60 days' notice, in writing, of its intention to hold a special election. b. No business shall be transacted at any special election except such as shall have been set forth in the notices by which the election was called. c. The Commissioner of Education may change in any school year any date authorized for a special school election pursuant to subsection a. of this section if that date coincides with a period of religious observance that limits significantly the usual activities of the followers of a particular religion or that would result in significant religious consequences for such followers or if the date authorized for a special school election falls within 45 days of the primary election or the General Election. The commissioner shall inform local school boards, county clerks, and boards of election of the adjustment no later than the first working day in January of the year in which the adjustments are to occur. As used in this section "a period of religious observance" means any day or portion thereof on which a religious observance imposes a substantial burden on an individual's ability to vote. L.1995, c.278, s.2; amended 2001, c.98; 2005, c.136, s.60; 2007, c.61, s.15; 2008, c.129, s.2; 2011, c.134, s.48; 2023, c.124, s.12. NJSA 19:60-3 District board members to perform election duties; designation of polling place, voting equipment 3. a. Notwithstanding the provisions of R.S.19:6-1, for school elections held at times other than at the time of the general election the county board of the county in which the election district is located shall designate two members of the district board of election to perform all the duties of the district board for that election, except that where electronic voting systems are in use in any election district in which there are more than 900 registered voters, the county board shall designate four members of the district board to perform all the duties of the district board for that election. Notwithstanding the provisions of R.S.19:6-10, the county board shall appoint one of the persons so designated to serve as judge and the other or another, as the case may be, of those persons so designated to serve as inspector for school elections. b. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection a. or any other law to the contrary: (1) Upon the request of a board of education or the clerk of a municipality in the county or upon its own initiative, the county board may designate the polling place and voting equipment of one election district to serve as the polling place and voting equipment for the voters of one or more other election districts for school elections held at times other than at the time of the general election. Such a designation shall be based on the casting of no more than 500 ballots during each of the two preceding annual April school elections by the voters of the election districts for which that polling place is designated. If, at two consecutive annual April school elections thereafter, the number of ballots cast by the voters in those election districts is more than 500, the county board shall effect an appropriate revision of the election districts using that polling place. If a request is from a municipal clerk, the request shall apply only to the election districts in that municipality. (2) If one polling place is designated for two or more election districts, the county board shall designate at least two members from among the members of the district boards of election of those election districts to perform all the duties of the district board for the school election held at times other than at the time of the general election. The county board shall also appoint one of the persons so designated to serve as judge and another of those persons to serve as inspector for school elections. L.1995, c.278, s.3; amended 1996, c.3, s.1; 2011, c.202, s.34. NJSA 19:60-4 Submission of public questions 4. The secretary of each board of education shall, not later than 10 o'clock a.m. of the 18th day preceding the annual April school election or the 60th day preceding a special school election, make and certify and forward to the clerk of the county in which the school district is located a statement designating the public question to be voted upon by the voters of the district which may be required pursuant to the provisions of P.L.1995, c.278 (C.19:60-1 et al.) or Title 18A of the New Jersey Statutes. The secretary of each board of education of a school district in which the annual school election has been moved to November pursuant to subsection a. of section 1 of P.L.2011, c.202 (C.19:60-1.1), not later than 10 o'clock a.m. of the 74th day preceding the November school election, shall make and certify and forward to the clerk of the county in which the school district is located a statement designating any public question to be voted upon by the voters of the district which may be required pursuant to the provisions of P.L.1995, c.278 (C.19:60-1 et al.) or Title 18A of the New Jersey Statutes. L.1995, c.278, s.4; amended 2011, c.37, s.27; 2011, c.202, s.35; 2023, c.124, s.13. NJSA 19:60-5 Petition of nomination; contents 5.Notwithstanding the provisions of R.S.19:13-4, each nominating petition for a candidate to be voted upon at a school election shall be addressed to the secretary of the board of education and therein shall be set forth: a. A statement that the signers of the petition are all qualified voters of the school district or, in the case of a regional school district, qualified voters of the constituent district which the candidate shall represent on the board of education of the regional district; b. The name, residence and post office address of the person endorsed and the office for which he is endorsed; c. That the signers of the petition endorse the candidate named in the petition for that office and request that the person's name be printed upon the official ballot to be used at the ensuing election; and d. That the person so endorsed is legally qualified to be elected to the office. A candidate shall be permitted to sign or circulate, or both sign and circulate, the petition required to nominate that candidate for membership on the board. Any form of a petition of nomination hereunder which is provided to candidates in a school election shall contain the following notice: "Notice: All candidates are required by law to comply with the provisions of 'The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act.' For further information, please call (insert phone number of the Election Law Enforcement Commission)." L.1995, c.278, s.5; amended 2010, c.68, s.5. NJSA 19:60-6 Certificate accompanying nominating petition. 6. Accompanying the nominating petition and to be filed therewith, there shall be a certificate signed by the person endorsed in the petition stating that: a. The person is qualified to be elected to the office for which the person is nominated, including a specific affirmation that the person is not disqualified as a voter pursuant to R.S.19:4-1 and that the person has not been convicted of a disqualifying crime pursuant to N.J.S.18A:12-1; b. The person consents to stand as a candidate for election; and c. If elected, the person agrees to accept and qualify into that office. L.1995, c.278, s.6; amended 2017, c.219. NJSA 19:60-7 Nomination procedures; withdrawal, vacancy; objections 7. Each candidate to be voted upon at a school election shall be nominated directly by petition, and the procedures for such nomination shall, to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of P.L.1995, c.278 (C.19:60-1 et al.), conform to the procedure for nominating candidates by direct petition under chapter 13 of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes. Notwithstanding the provisions of R.S.19:13-5, however, a petition of nomination for such office shall be signed by at least 10 persons, one of whom may be the candidate, and filed with the secretary of the board of education on or before four p.m. of the 50th day preceding the date of the April school election, or with the county clerk on or before four p.m. of the last Monday in July preceding the November school election, as applicable. The signatures need not all appear upon a single petition and any number of petitions may be filed on behalf of any candidate or on behalf of two or more candidates filing a joint petition. A petition for one or more candidates may include a designation in not more than three words that conveys the principles which the candidate or candidates therein named represent, but such designation shall not contain the name, or a derivative thereof, as a noun or an adjective of any political party entitled to participate in a primary election. The petitions of a candidate for member of a board of education shall also include a functioning e-mail address for the candidate. Any candidate may withdraw as a candidate in a school election by filing a notice in writing, signed by the candidate, of such withdrawal with the secretary of the board of education before the 44th day before the date of the April election or with the county clerk on the 81st day before the date of the November election, as applicable, and thereupon the name of that candidate shall be withdrawn by the secretary of the board of education and shall not be printed on the ballot. A vacancy created by a declination of nomination or withdrawal by, or death of, a nominee, or in any other manner, shall be filled under the provisions of R.S.19:13-19. Whenever written objection to a petition of nomination hereunder shall have been made and timely filed with the secretary of the board of education or with the county clerk, as may be appropriate, the board of education shall file its determination of the objection on or before the 44th day preceding the April school election or the county clerk shall file the clerk's determination of the objection on or before the 10th day after the last day for the filing of petitions for candidates seeking election as a member of a board of education at the November school election, as applicable. The last day upon which a candidate may file with the Superior Court a verified complaint setting forth any invasion or threatened invasion of the candidate's rights under the candidate's petition of nomination shall be the 46th day before the April election or the 12th day after the last day for the filing of petitions for candidates seeking election as a member of a board of education at the November election, as applicable. The last day upon which a candidate whose petition of nomination or any affidavit thereto is defective may amend such petition or affidavit shall be the 44th day before the April election or the 10th day after the last day for the filing of petitions for candidates seeking election as a member of a board of education at the November election, as applicable. In each school district in which candidates for the office of member of a board of education will seek election at the November school election, the school business administrator thereof shall certify to the county clerk no later than the day of the holding of the primary election for the general election next occurring a statement designating the public offices to be filled at such election, and the number of such offices to be filled. L.1995, c.278, s.7; amended 2000, c.22; 2011, c.202, s.36; 2013, c.172, s.1; 2018, c.20, s.2; 2018, c.66, s.3; 2023, c.124, s.14. NJSA 19:60-8 Positions on ballot determined by drawing 8. The county clerk shall conduct the ballot draw for candidates for school board member in those school districts that hold November elections, in accordance with the procedures set forth in R.S.19:14-12. In those school districts that elect school board members at the annual April school election, the ballot draw shall be conducted as follows: a. The drawing shall be done by the secretary of the board of education seven working days following the last day for filing a petition for the nomination of such a candidate. The person making the drawing shall make public announcement at the drawing of each name, the order in which the name is drawn and the term of office for which the drawing is made. b. A separate drawing shall be made for each full term and for each unexpired term, respectively. The names of the several candidates for whom petitions have been filed for each of the terms shall be written upon paper slips which shall be placed in capsules of the same size, shape, color and substance and then placed in a covered box with an aperture in the top large enough to admit a person's hand and to allow the capsules to be drawn therefrom. The box shall be turned and shaken thoroughly to mix the capsules and the capsules shall be withdrawn one at a time. c. Where there is more than one person to be elected for a given term of office, the position of the names on the ballots for each term of office shall be determined as above described. The name of the candidate for each term of office first drawn from the box shall be printed directly below the proper term for which the person was nominated and the name of the candidate next drawn shall be printed next in order, and so on, until the last name shall be drawn from the box. d. Two or more candidates for any given term of office may notify the secretary of the board in writing or the county clerk if the annual school election is to be held in November, at least seven days before the drawing date that they wish to have their names with their chosen designation, if any, bracketed together, so that their names and designation, if any, are selected as a group at the drawing and their names and designation are printed together on the ballot. The candidates shall determine among themselves the order in which their names are to appear within the bracket prior to so notifying the secretary. The secretary of the board of education shall, within two days following the drawing, certify to the county clerk the results of the drawing. L.1995, c.278, s.8; amended 2012, c.78, s.7; 2018, c.20, s.3. NJSA 19:60-9 Ballot, form, contents 9. The ballot for a school election shall be a single or blanket form of ballot, upon which shall be printed in bold-faced type the words "OFFICIAL SCHOOL ELECTION BALLOT" or "OFFICIAL SPECIAL SCHOOL ELECTION BALLOT," as appropriate. Any public question which is to be submitted to the voters at a school election shall be printed in a separate space below or to the right of, as the county clerk shall determine, the listing of candidates in the election. In the columns in which are listed the titles of the offices to be filled at a school election and the names of candidates for those offices, the title of and the names of candidates for the office of member of the regional board of education shall appear above the title of and the names of candidates for the office of member of the local board of education. With respect to either office, in the event that one or more persons are to be elected to membership thereon for a full term and one or more persons are to be elected to membership thereon to fill an unexpired term, the ballots shall designate which of the candidates to be voted for is to be elected for a full term and which for an unexpired term. In all cases in which one or more persons are to be elected for an unexpired term, the ballots shall indicate the duration of that unexpired term. The names of two or more candidates for any given term who have notified the secretary of the board, or the county clerk if the annual school election is to be held in November, in writing that they wish to be bracketed together with their chosen designation, if any, shall appear as a group in the appropriate location on the ballot, depending on whether the candidates are to be elected to fill an expired or an unexpired term. All public questions to be voted upon at a school election by the voters of more than one municipality shall be placed first before any question to be voted upon at that election by the voters of a single municipality. When the public question to be voted upon by the voters of a regional school district is the amount of money to be raised for the use of the regional schools of the district, the amount of money determined to be the constituent municipality's share thereof may be identified on the ballot pursuant to N.J.S.18A:13-17. Every county clerk shall have ready for the printer a copy of the contents of official ballots required by law to be printed for use at a school election, as follows: in the case of the annual April school election, not later than the 17th day preceding that election; in the case of any special school election, not later than two business days following receipt by the clerk of official notice of the complete content of the ballot to be voted upon at that election; and in the case of the annual November school election, in accordance with the provisions of R.S.19:14-1. The ballots for an annual school election to be held simultaneously with the general election shall be in accordance with the provisions of chapter 14 of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes. At an annual school election held simultaneously with the general election, the names of the candidates for the office of member of the board of education shall appear on the ballot separately from the names of candidates for other offices whenever possible. Any proposals for additional funds pursuant to paragraph (9) of subsection d. of section 5 of P.L.1996, c.138 (C.18A:7F-5) shall appear on the ballot near the names of the candidates for the office of member of the board of education whenever possible. L.1995, c.278, s.9; amended 2001, c.26, s.2; 2011, c.202, s.37; 2018, c.20, s.4. NJSA 19:60-10 Printing of sample ballots 10. The county clerk shall cause samples of the official school election ballot to be printed in the same manner as prescribed for the printing of sample ballots for the general election by R.S.19:14-21. In counties not having a superintendent of elections where the county board of elections does not have the equipment or facilities to address and mail sample ballot envelopes, the delivery of such sample ballots for mailing, issuance of a receipt for such delivery, and the mailing of sample ballots shall be effected in the same manner as prescribed for the sample ballot for the general election under subsection a. of R.S.19:14-21; and in counties having a superintendent of elections and in other counties where the county board of elections may have such equipment or facilities, the delivery of ballots for mailing, issuance of a receipt for such delivery, and the mailing of sample ballots shall be effected in the same manner as prescribed for the sample ballot for the general election under subsection b. of R.S.19:14-21 , subject to the condition that the latest time at which the county clerk may furnish sample ballots for mailing shall be the eighth day preceding the school election. L.1995,c.278,s.10. NJSA 19:60-10.1 Information sent to newly-registered voters for school election 3. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law to the contrary, a voter who registers after the 29th day prior to a school election and who is eligible to participate in that election may be sent, instead of a sample ballot, notice of the voter's polling place, information on where to obtain a sample ballot prior to the election, a statement indicating that a sample ballot will be available at the polling place on the day of the election, and, if applicable, information on a county website where a sample ballot may be viewed. L.2005,c.139,s.3. NJSA 19:60-11 Use of poll list in lieu of signature copy register 11. The district board of election shall, for any school election held at a time other than the time of the general election, utilize a poll list instead of the signature copy register. The poll list shall be arranged in a column or columns appropriately headed so as to indicate the election, the date thereof, and the school district and election district in which the same is used, in such a manner that each voter voting in the polling place at the election may sign the voter's name and state the voter's address therein and the number of the voter's official ballot may be indicated opposite the signature. The district board shall compare the signature in the poll lists with that in the signature copy registers before accepting the ballot. If one polling place is designated for two or more election districts pursuant to subsection b. of section 3 of P.L.1995, c.278 (C.19:60-3), the provisions of this section shall apply to the members of the district boards of election designated to serve as the election officers at the polling place for those election districts. The signature copy registers for those election districts shall be provided to those election officers. L.1995, c.278, s.11; amended 1996, c.3, s.2; 2011, c.202, s.38. NJSA 19:60-12 Expenses; mandated expenditures 12. All costs, charges and expenses, including the compensation of the members of the district boards and the compensation and expenses of the county board of elections, the county superintendent of elections, the clerk of the county, and the municipal clerks for any school election held at a time other than the time of the general election shall be paid by the board of education of the school district. All costs, charges and expenses submitted to the board of education for payment shall be itemized and shall include the separate identification of costs to prepare, print and distribute sample ballots. Amounts expended by a county or a municipality in the conduct of school elections for which the board of education shall make payment shall be considered mandated expenditures exempt from the limitations on the county tax levy and from the limitations on final municipal appropriations imposed pursuant to P.L.1976, c.68 (C.40A:4-45.1 et seq.), and any costs to the board of education which exceed the amount of the costs to that board for the annual school election immediately preceding the enactment of P.L.1995, c.278 (C.19:60-1 et seq.) shall not be included for the purpose of calculating a school district's tax levy growth limitation pursuant to P.L.2007, c.62 (C.18A:7F-37 et al.). L.1995, c.278, s.12; amended 1996, c.3, s.3; 2011, c.202, s.39. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:61 NJSA 19:61-1 Findings, declarations relative to elections 1. The Legislature finds and declares: a. The "Help America Vote Act of 2002," Pub.L.107-252, was enacted by Congress and signed into law by President Bush on October 29, 2002. b. The new federal law, based upon recommendations by several national study commissions including the National Commission on Federal Election Reform, resulted from a consensus that the nation's electoral system needs improvements to ensure that every eligible voter has the opportunity to vote, that every vote will be counted that should be counted, and that no legal vote will be canceled by a fraudulent vote. c. Accordingly, the "Help America Vote Act of 2002" authorizes substantial amounts of federal aid to the states to fund the purchase of more reliable voting systems, and mandates changes in the conduct of federal elections in all states to ensure greater access to the polls by individuals with disabilities, to provide more information for individuals who wish to vote and better training of poll workers, and to reduce the possibility of fraud. d. The "Help America Vote Act of 2002" also clearly defines the rights and privileges of those eligible individuals who seek to vote, including all overseas and military service voters, and seeks to prevent disenfranchisement due to mistaken determinations of ineligibility to vote, the use of outdated voting systems that are unreliable or insufficiently accessible for disabled voters, or unnecessary administrative obstacles. e. The purpose of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-1 et al.) is to begin the process of implementing the changes in New Jersey's election law required by the "Help America Vote Act of 2002" to accomplish the purposes described above, providing a fair, deliberative and consensus-oriented process for enacting election reform required by the federal law, and ensure the timely fulfillment by this State of all requirements for eligibility to receive appropriated federal funds. L.2004,c.88,s.1. NJSA 19:61-2 Short title 2. This act shall be known and may be cited as "The Voting Opportunity and Technology Enhancement Act." L.2004,c.88,s.2. NJSA 19:61-3 Federal Elections Assistance Fund 3. There is hereby established in the Department of the Treasury a special, nonlapsing fund to be known as the Federal Elections Assistance Fund. The fund is established in accordance with paragraph (b) of section 254 of Pub.L.107-252, (42 U.S.C.15404) for the purpose of receiving: a. all moneys appropriated or otherwise made available by the State for the purpose of carrying out the activities required by Pub.L.107-252; b. all payments which will be received from the federal government pursuant to Pub.L.107-252; c. interest earned on deposits made in the fund; and d. such other additional amounts as may be appropriated under federal or State law. The State Treasurer is authorized to transfer into the fund in a timely manner such State moneys as will be necessary to insure that the State qualifies for the maximum amount of federal funds appropriated to implement Pub.L.107-252. L.2004,c.88,s.3. NJSA 19:61-4 Free-access system for voters. 4. a. The Secretary of State shall establish a free-access system, such as a toll-free telephone number, an Internet website or any combination thereof, that any individual who casts a provisional ballot, mail-in ballot, or overseas ballot in all elections where they are qualified to vote, may access to ascertain whether the ballot of that individual was accepted for counting and, if the vote was not counted, the reason for the rejection of the ballot. The system shall at all times preserve the confidentiality of each voter, and shall ensure that no person, other than the individual who cast the ballot, may discover whether or not that individual's ballot was accepted or rejected, unless so informed by the voter. b. The free-access system shall be prominently displayed on the New Jersey Division of Elections website under a "Track My Ballot" user portal. c. To applicable situations, the free-access system shall record the date that the mail-in ballot was mailed; the date that the overseas ballot was mailed or transmitted via electronic mail; the date the ballot was received; the notation that the ballot was "Accepted" or "Rejected;" and the code for rejection. d. Beginning on February 1, 2021, the free-access system shall provide a publicly viewable macro-report of the total number of rejected ballots by county and by code along with the totals for votes cast by mail-in ballot, overseas ballots, and total ballots cast. This report shall be kept and made available on the Secretary of State's website for a period of 10 years. L.2004, c.88, s.4; amended 2020, c.70, s.2. NJSA 19:61-5 Free-access system for information to voters using mail-in, overseas ballots. 5. The Secretary of State shall establish a free-access system, such as a toll-free telephone number, an Internet website or any combination thereof, that any individual who casts a mail-in ballot or an overseas ballot in a federal election may access to ascertain: (1) whether an application for a mail-in ballot or an overseas ballot has been approved and if not, the reason for its rejection; and (2) whether the mail-in ballot or overseas ballot was received and accepted for counting and, if the ballot was not counted, the reason for the rejection of the ballot. The system shall at all times preserve the confidentiality of each person who has requested an application to vote by mail-in ballot or overseas ballot, or who has voted by mail-in ballot or overseas ballot, and shall ensure that no person, other than the individual who requested or cast the ballot, may discover whether or not that individual's application or ballot was received and accepted, unless so informed by the voter. This system may be the same one used for provisional ballots, established pursuant to section 4 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-4). L.2004, c.88, s.5; amended 2009, c.79, s.35; 2011, c.37, s.28. NJSA 19:61-6 Filing of complaint, procedure in Division of Elections, alternative procedure 6. a. After January 1, 2004, any individual who believes that there is, has been, or will be a violation of any provision of Title III of Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C. 15481 et seq.) may, pursuant to the procedures set forth in this section established in compliance with the provisions of section 402 of P.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C. 15512), file a complaint with the Division of Elections in the Department of Law and Public Safety seeking appropriate relief with respect to the violation. b. Each such complaint shall be in writing, and shall be notarized, signed, and sworn by the individual filing the complaint. The Attorney General may consolidate all such complaints if the Attorney General deems it appropriate. c. (1) If, upon administrative inquiry, the Attorney General determines that there is, has been, or will be a violation of any provision of Title III of Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C. 15481 et seq.), the Attorney General shall order appropriate relief. The complainant may request a hearing on the record, to be conducted in the manner provided for contested cases pursuant to the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.); otherwise, the order of the Attorney General shall constitute final agency action on the matter and shall be subject to judicial review as provided in the Rules of Court. (2) If, upon administrative inquiry, the Attorney General determines that there has been, is or will be no violation of any provision of Title III of Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C.15481 et seq.), the Attorney General shall reject the claim of the violation and shall so notify the complainant. In that case, the complainant shall be afforded the opportunity for a hearing on the record in the manner provided for contested cases pursuant to the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.). Intervention in this hearing by any other person shall be as provided in the "Administrative Procedure Act." After review of the record of the hearing and the recommendation of the administrative law judge, the Attorney General shall affirm, reject or modify the decision. If, after a hearing, the Attorney General determines that there has been, is or will be a violation of any provision of Title III of Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C. 15481 et seq.), the Attorney General shall order appropriate relief. If the complainant does not request a hearing following a determination of no violation based upon administrative inquiry or if the Attorney General determines after a hearing that there has been, is or will be no violation of any provision of Title III of Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C. 15481 et seq.), the Attorney General shall dismiss the complaint and publish the results of the procedures. The decision of the Attorney General shall constitute final agency action on the matter, and shall be subject to judicial review as provided in the Rules of Court. d. All complaints filed under this section shall be resolved finally by the Attorney General prior to the 90th day after the date that the complaint was filed, unless the complainant consents to a longer period for making such a determination. e. If the Attorney General fails to meet the 90-day deadline provided in subsection d. of this section, the complaint shall be resolved within 60 days of that deadline under alternative dispute resolution procedures established by the Attorney General for the purpose of this section. The record and other materials from any proceedings conducted under the complaint procedures established under this section shall be made available for use under the alternative dispute resolution procedures. f. All of the procedures provided for by this section shall be applied uniformly and not in a manner that discriminates in any way against an individual based on that individual's gender, race, religion, ethnicity or sexual orientation. g. An individual who believes that there is, or has been, or will be a violation of any provision of Title III of Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C. 15481 et seq.) may, as an alternative to the procedures prescribed in subsections a. through f. of this section, file a complaint in the appropriate Superior Court seeking appropriate relief with respect to the violation. The complaint shall be resolved in an expedited manner. L.2004,c.88,s.6. NJSA 19:61-7 Report on certain absentee ballots in federal elections 7. No later than the 90th day following the day of each regularly scheduled general election of candidates for federal office, each county board of elections shall submit to the Secretary of State for transmittal to the Election Assistance Commission, established pursuant to section 201 of Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C. s.15321), a report on the combined number of absentee ballots transmitted to military service voters and overseas voters and the combined number of such ballots which were returned by such voters, judged to be valid, cast and canvassed. The report shall be in the format developed by the commission. The Secretary of State shall make copies of each such report available to the general public. L.2004, c.88, s.7; amended 2008, c.61, s.19. NJSA 19:61-8 Reports on implementation of "Help America Vote Act of 2002" 8. The Attorney General shall issue a report on the progress of the implementation of the federal "Help America Vote Act of 2002," Pub.L.107-252 (116 Stat 1666) in the State to the Governor, the Senate President, Senate Minority Leader, Speaker of the General Assembly, and Assembly Minority Leader. The report shall be issued quarterly in the first year, with the first report due on July 1, 2004, and shall be issued biennially thereafter. L.2004,c.88,s.8. NJSA 19:61-9 Audits of election results 1. a. Notwithstanding any law, rule or regulation to the contrary, the Secretary of State shall appoint each year an independent, professional audit team. It shall oversee, in each county, random hand-to-eye counts of the voter-verifiable paper records that are to be conducted by appropriate county election officials. Audits shall be conducted for each election held for federal or State office, including the offices of Governor, Lieutenant Governor and member of the Legislature, and for county and municipal offices selected by the Secretary of State. In each county, the audit shall be conducted in at least two percent of the election districts in which each audited election appears on the ballot. County and municipal elections held in fewer than 100 election districts are exempt from this requirement. Election districts that are randomly selected for auditing for either the Congressional or State legislative elections in alternating years may be used to audit any other election that appears on the ballot in such districts. Ballot batches, as provided for in subsection c. of this section, shall also be audited subject to the provisions of this section. In the case of a general election, audits shall begin 13 days after the election and shall be completed prior to the certification of the results of that election. Extensions may be provided by the Secretary of State if necessary. b. The membership and composition of the audit team shall be at the discretion of the Secretary of State but shall be not less than four, and at least one member shall have verifiable expertise in the field of statistics and another member shall have verifiable expertise in the field of auditing. No member of the audit team shall include any person who: (1) is serving in any position on any political campaign committee of any candidate for political office in the elections that are subject to the manual audit; (2) is an employee of, or reports to, the Secretary of State; or (3) is serving as an officer or an employee of any entity that designs, manufactures, or services a voting system used in the State. c. The independent audit team shall oversee, supervise, and require county election officials to conduct an audit of the results of an election in accordance with the following procedures: (1) Any procedure designed, adopted, and implemented by the audit team shall be implemented to ensure with at least 99% statistical power that for each federal, gubernatorial or other Statewide election held in the State, a 100% manual recount of the voter-verifiable paper records would not alter the electoral outcome reported by the audit. For each election held for State office, other than Governor and Lieutenant Governor, and for county and municipal elections held in 100 or more election districts, any procedure designed, adopted, and implemented by the audit team shall be implemented to ensure with at least 90% statistical power that a 100% manual recount of the voter-verifiable paper records would not alter the electoral outcome reported by the audit. Such procedures designed, adopted, and implemented by the audit team to achieve statistical power shall be based upon scientifically reasonable assumptions, with respect to each audited election, including but not limited to: the possibility that within any election district up to 20% of the total votes cast may have been counted for a candidate or ballot position other than the one intended by the voters; and that the number of votes cast per election district will vary. Such procedures and assumptions shall be published prior to any given election, and the public shall have the opportunity to comment thereon. (2) Any procedure designed, adopted, and implemented by the audit team for each county and municipal election held in fewer than 100 election districts, but more than a single election district, shall be conducted in at least two election districts. (3) Within a reasonable period of time after the final vote count after an election, the Secretary of State, with the audit team, shall determine and then announce publicly the election districts in the State in which audits shall be conducted, and within 24 hours of that announcement, the audit shall be commenced. (4) With respect to votes cast at the election district on the date of an election other than by emergency or provisional ballot, the independent audit team shall oversee and supervise a hand-to-eye count of the voter-verifiable paper records and compare those records with the count of such votes announced by the county boards of elections. (5) With respect to the votes cast other than at the election district on the date of the election, or any other votes counted electronically by the county board of elections on or after the date of the election, including votes cast by military service voters and overseas federal election voters, the independent audit team shall oversee and supervise a count by hand of the voter-verifiable paper records as follows. To maintain voter privacy, prior to each election, the audit team shall direct the appropriate county election official to divide the ballots into batches, hereinafter referred to as audit units. Each audit unit shall contain approximately the average number of ballots cast in the election districts within the county, or fewer, but shall not be associated with any particular election district. As the ballots comprising each audit unit are counted electronically, each audit unit shall be assigned a unique identification number. Immediately after counting the ballots comprising each audit unit, a cumulative summary vote tally report bearing the audit unit's unique identification number and containing the sum of the vote totals of the audit unit and all previously counted audit units in the election shall be printed and affixed to the audit unit. The reports shall be subject to the same secure chain of custody as the ballots comprising the audit units and shall be used by the audit team to determine the electronic vote tally for each audit unit. The audit team shall first compare the vote tallies in the final cumulative report to the official results announced by the county and resolve any discrepancies, and then include all the audit units from each county in the random selection process and if selected, cause them to be audited in the same manner provided herein for election districts, except that the hand-to-eye count shall be compared to the electronic vote tally derived from the cumulative reports. (6) The selection of the election districts, audit units, and county and municipal elections to be audited shall be made by the Secretary of State on a random basis by lot, at a public meeting, using a uniform distribution in which all election districts in which an election is held, and county and municipal elections have an equal chance of being selected, in accordance with such procedures as the Secretary of State, upon the recommendation of a majority of the audit team, deems appropriate. Selection of election districts or audit units for county and municipal elections held in less than 100 election districts may be made randomly using a non-uniform distribution to be determined by the Secretary of State, upon the recommendation of a majority of the audit team. Such procedures shall be published prior to use in any given election, and the public shall have the opportunity to comment thereon. Notwithstanding the requirements set forth in this paragraph, the audit team shall have the authority to cause audits to be conducted of any election district or audit unit which has not been randomly selected for auditing in which a majority of the audit team determines from the un-audited election results, past election results, or other data that the votes are likely to have been miscounted. The Secretary of State shall allow members of the public, including but not limited to those permitted to observe recounts, to observe the audits. (7) As soon as practicable after the completion of an audit conducted pursuant to this section, the Secretary of State shall announce publicly and publish the results of the audit and shall include in the announcement a comparison of the results of the election in the districts, as determined by the independent audit team performing the audit, and the final vote count in the districts as announced by the county boards of elections, including a list, by election district and audit unit, of any discrepancies between the initial vote count and any subsequent manual counts of the voter-verifiable paper record; explanations for such discrepancies, if any; and tallies of all overvotes, undervotes or their equivalents, blank ballots, spoiled ballots, and cancellations recorded on the voter-verifiable paper record. If the audit under this section results in a change in the number of votes counted for any candidate, the revised vote totals shall be incorporated in the official result from the relevant election districts or audit units. (8) No county shall certify the results of any election that is subject to an audit performed pursuant to this section prior to the completion of the audit and the announcement and publication of the results thereof as required by paragraph (7) of this subsection. The audit and publication of the results thereof shall be completed prior to the time the State shall make a final determination with respect to any controversy or contest concerning the appointment of its electors for President or Vice President of the United States prior to the deadline established in section 6 of Pub.L.80-644 (3 U.S.C.s.6). (9) If the Secretary of State, based on a recommendation of a majority of the professional audit team, determines that any of the hand-to-eye counts conducted under this section show cause for concern about the accuracy of the results of any election in the State, or in a county or a municipality, or with respect to a particular election, the independent audit team shall oversee, supervise, and cause to be conducted hand-to-eye counts under this section in such additional election districts or audit units as the Secretary of State considers appropriate to resolve any such concerns. The Secretary of State shall issue previous to any election the criteria to be employed to determine whether the hand-to-eye counts show concern about the accuracy of the election results in order to trigger further hand-to-eye counts. Such criteria shall be published prior to use in any given election, and the public shall have the opportunity to comment thereon. Notwithstanding the requirements previously set forth in this paragraph, additional hand-to-eye counts shall be conducted if in the initial audit conducted pursuant to the procedures set forth in this subsection, any discrepancy or discrepancies attributable to the electronic counting system would alter the vote share of any candidate or ballot position by one tenth of one percent or more of the hand counted votes in the sample. Under such circumstances, the audit of the election shall be expanded using the same number of election districts and when possible, audit units, as the initial audit and shall be conducted under the same procedures used to conduct the initial audit, provided, however, that if the initial audit comprises more than one half the total number of election districts and audit units in the election, the expanded audit shall be a full hand-to-eye count of the remaining un-audited election districts and audit units. Further hand-to-eye counts shall be conducted if any discrepancy or discrepancies attributable to the electronic counting system detected by the initial or subsequent expanded audit indicates a substantial possibility that a complete hand-to-eye recount would alter the outcome of the audited election. (10) If the voter-verifiable paper records in any machine are found to be unusable for an audit for any reason whatsoever, another machine used in the same election shall be selected at random by the audit team to replace the original machine in the audit sample. All such selections shall be made randomly in the presence of those observing the audit using a method approved by the Secretary of State. An investigation to determine the reason the voter-verifiable paper records were compromised and unusable shall begin immediately, and the results of the investigation shall be made public upon completion. d. Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent a candidate or other applicant from requesting a recount pursuant to R.S.19:28-1 et seq. or any other law. In the event that such a recount is held in any election district that has been audited pursuant to this section, the official result from such election district shall be applied to the recount in lieu of conducting a subsequent hand count of the audited election district unless a court, at the request of a candidate or other applicant who requested the recount, so orders. L.2007, c.349, s.1; amended 2023, c.124, s.15. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:62 NJSA 19:62-1 Municipality with 500 or fewer persons may conduct elections by mail 1. Notwithstanding any other law, regulation or rule to the contrary, a municipality with a population of 500 or fewer persons, according to the latest federal decennial census, may conduct all elections by mail, provided there is an affirmative vote to do so by the governing body of the municipality and by the governing body of the county in which the municipality is located. An election conducted by mail shall be conducted pursuant to the provisions of this act, P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-1 et seq.). L.2005,c.148,s.1. NJSA 19:62-2 Election by mail, duties of county clerk 2. If an election by mail is authorized pursuant to section 1 of this act, P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-1), the county clerk shall: a. publish, in advance of the election and pursuant to rules and regulations promulgated by the Secretary of State, official notice that the election shall be conducted by mail together with such other information regarding the conduct of the election as shall be deemed necessary by the Secretary of State; b. mail a ballot, including an outer envelope and an inner envelope substantially similar to the envelopes provided for mail-in ballots pursuant to sections 12 and 13 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-12 and C.19:63-13), not sooner than the 20th day prior to the day of the election nor later than the 14th day prior to the day of the election, to each person registered to vote in the municipality at that election, ensuring that, except for a primary election for the general election, the delivery envelope, which is the envelope that is used to mail the blank ballot, the outer envelope, and the inner envelope to each voter shall not contain any political affiliation or designation visible to the public on the envelope's exterior; c. designate the county clerk's office or the municipal clerk's office as the places to obtain a replacement ballot pursuant to section 5 of P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-5); d. designate, after consultation with the county board of elections and pursuant to criteria established by the Secretary of State, places within the county or municipality that shall be available for the deposit of voted ballots for the election; e. make a provisional ballot available at the office of the county clerk and the office of the municipal clerk so that each person who has been a resident of the county or municipality in which the person seeks to register and vote at least 21 days prior to the day of the election and has moved to a location within the municipality after that 21st day and prior to the day of the election may vote; f. suspend distribution to each registered voter in the municipality of samples of the official ballot of any election, but distribute to each registered voter in the municipality with each ballot a copy of the voter information notice provided for in section 1 of P.L.2005, c.149 (C.19:12-7.1) as modified and supplemented by the Secretary of State as deemed appropriate for use in municipalities conducting elections by mail, and such instruction about the completion of the ballot as deemed necessary by the Secretary of State; g. make certain that all qualified voters in the municipality requesting a mail-in ballot between the 45th day and the 21st day prior to the day of an election receive such ballot after the 20th day prior to the day of an election and voters requesting a ballot on or before the seventh day prior to the date of the election shall receive a ballot authorized pursuant to this section; and h. establish, after consultation with the county board of elections and in accordance with rules and regulations adopted by the Secretary of State, the time by which all ballots must be received by the board on the day of an election to be considered valid and counted. L.2005, c.148, s.2; amended 2009, c.79, s.36; 2011, c.37, s.29; 2022, c.69, s.3; 2022, c.70, s.3. NJSA 19:62-3 Election by mail, duties of county board of elections 3. If an election by mail is authorized pursuant to section 1 of this act, P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-1), the county board of elections shall: a. consult with the county clerk and the municipal clerk with respect to the conduct of the election, as provided for in subsections d. and h. of section 2 of P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-2); b. receive all ballots for the election returned by United States mail and collect all ballots for the election which were deposited in designated places of deposit prior to the time established for the closing of the polls; c. verify the signature of the voter on the outer envelope of each ballot returned by comparing it with the signature on that person's voter registration form, in accordance with the rules and regulations adopted by the Attorney General, and if it is determined that the voter to whom a ballot or a replacement ballot has been issued has voted more than once, not count any ballot by that voter; d. remove the inner envelope from the outer envelope of each ballot on the day of the election and proceed with the canvass of such ballots; and e. conduct the canvass of the ballots and the certification of the results of the election in accordance with the procedures provided for such actions in this act, P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-1 et seq.) and in Title 19 of the Revised Statutes. L.2005,c.148,s.3. NJSA 19:62-4 Election by mail, availability of voting machine accessible to disabled persons 4. If an election by mail is authorized pursuant to section 1 of this act, P.L.2005, c.148 (C. 19:62-1), the superintendent of elections or the commissioner of registration, as may be appropriate, shall make certain that at least one voting machine that is fully accessible to individuals with disabilities shall be located in the office of the municipal clerk and available for use by such individuals. Other than as provided for in section 9 of P.L. 2005, c.148 (C.19:62-9), all the provisions of this Title concerning polling places shall apply to the office of a municipal clerk used for this purpose, as deemed appropriate by the Attorney General. L.2005,c.148,s.4. NJSA 19:62-5 Replacement ballot 5. A registered voter may obtain a replacement ballot if a ballot has not been received by that person, or if it has been destroyed, spoiled or lost. A registered voter seeking a replacement ballot shall proceed to the office of the county clerk or municipal clerk to obtain such a ballot and sign a sworn statement that the ballot was destroyed, spoiled, lost or not received and present the statement to the county clerk or the municipal clerk prior to the time designated by law for the closing of the polls for that election. The county clerk and municipal clerk shall each keep a record of each replacement ballot provided. Nothing in this section shall prevent a voter seeking a replacement ballot from obtaining such a ballot from the county clerk or municipal clerk anytime after ballots have been mailed to registered voters pursuant to subsection b. of section 2 of P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-2) and before the day of the election or from mailing a replacement ballot to the county board of elections prior to the day of the election. L.2005,c.148,s.5. NJSA 19:62-6 Statement on ballot 6. Each ballot obtained from the county clerk or the municipal clerk shall have printed or stamped on it the following statement: ANY PERSON WHO, BY USE OF FORCE OR ANY OTHER MEANS, UNDULY INFLUENCES A VOTER TO VOTE IN ANY PARTICULAR MANNER OR TO REFRAIN FROM VOTING IS GUILTY OF A CRIME. L.2005,c.148,s.6. NJSA 19:62-7 Ballots for primary election for general election 7. For a primary election for the general election: a. the county clerk shall mail the ballot of a political party to each voter in the municipality who is registered as being affiliated with the political party as of the 21st day before the day of the primary election; and b. a voter who is not affiliated with any political party who wishes to vote in the primary of a political party shall apply to the county clerk or municipal clerk in writing for the ballot of the political party in whose primary the voter wishes to vote, or designate a political party affiliation for the first time by whatever means permitted by law, and the application or designation shall be presented to the clerk through the day of the election. L.2005,c.148,s.7. NJSA 19:62-8 Voter's actions prior to transmittal of ballot 8. Prior to transmitting a ballot to the county board of elections, a registered voter shall mark it and place it in the inner envelope. The inner envelope shall then be placed in the outer envelope and that envelope shall be signed and certified by the voter pursuant to instructions provided with the ballot. The voter may return the envelopes containing the marked ballot to the county board by United States mail or by depositing it at the office of the county board or any other place of deposit designated for that purpose. If the voter returns the ballot by United States mail, the voter shall provide the postage. L.2005,c.148,s.8. NJSA 19:62-9 Open hours of office of municipal clerk on election days 9. The office of the municipal clerk shall be open from 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. on the day of an election to provide replacement ballots or provisional ballots to voters, receive voted ballots being deposited in person by voters and permit individuals with disabilities to vote using a voting machine that is fully accessible to such individuals. During this time, such appropriate staff shall be available for election purposes at the office of the municipal clerk as may be required by the county board of elections to ensure the proper administration of the election process. L.2005,c.148,s.9. NJSA 19:62-10 Receipt time of ballot for it to be counted, counting 10. a. For a ballot to be counted, it shall be received by the county board of elections no later than the time established for the closing of the polls for that election, pursuant to subsection h. of section 2 of this act, P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-2). Nothing in this subsection shall preclude the board from starting to count the ballots it has received for an election prior to the time designated for the closing of the polls for that election. b.A vote that is cast on a voting machine that is fully accessible to individuals with disabilities shall be counted and canvassed in the same manner as all other votes cast by voting machine pursuant to the provisions of this Title. L.2005,c.148,s.10. NJSA 19:62-11 Criteria for a ballot to be counted 11. If received in a timely manner, a ballot shall be counted only if: a.the ballot is returned in the inner envelope and the inner envelope is enclosed in the outer envelope; b.the envelopes in which it is returned manifest no signs of tampering or improper handling; c.the outer envelope is signed by the registered voter to whom the ballot has been issued; and d.the signature is verified as provided in subsection c. of section 3 of this act, P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-3). L.2005,c.148,s.11. NJSA 19:62-12 Challenging of voter, ballot 12. Any ballot and any voter casting a ballot in an election held by mail may be challenged pursuant to rules and regulations adopted by the Attorney General. L.2005,c.148,s.12. NJSA 19:62-13 Rules, regulations 13. The Attorney General shall promulgate, pursuant to the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.), such rules and regulations as may be deemed necessary to effectuate the purposes of this act. L.2005,c.148,s.13. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:63 NJSA 19:63-1 Short title 1. This act shall be known as and may be cited as "The Vote By Mail Law" L.2009, c.79, s.1. NJSA 19:63-2 Definitions relative to voting by mail 2.As used in this act, unless otherwise indicated by the context: " Election ," "General Election," "primary election for the general election," "municipal election," "school election," and "special election" mean, respectively, such elections as defined in R.S.19:1-1 et seq. " Family Member " means an adult who is a spouse, parent, child, grandparent, grandchild or sibling of a voter, whether by adoption or natural relationship. It shall also include any adult occupant regularly living with a voter in any residential building or part of a building intended for the use of no more than one family. " Mail-In Ballot " means any ballot used by a mail-in voter to vote by mail in any election. " Mail-In Voter " means any qualified and registered voter of this State who wants to vote in any election using a mail-in ballot under the provisions of this act. L.2009, c.79, s.2; amended 2011, c.134, s.49. NJSA 19:63-3 Procedure for use of mail-in ballot 3. a. A qualified voter shall be entitled to vote using a mail-in ballot: (1) in all future elections, including general elections, held in this State, in which the voter is eligible to vote; or (2) in any single election held in this State. The qualified voter who chooses the option to vote using a mail-in ballot in all future elections shall be furnished with such a ballot by the county clerk without further request on the part of the voter and until the voter requests in writing that the voter no longer be sent a mail-in ballot, or beginning with the 2020 general election cycle, if the voter does not vote by mail in four consecutive years, then the voter shall no longer be furnished with a mail-in ballot for future elections and the voter shall be notified in writing of the change. The mail-in ballot application form prepared by the Secretary of State shall present the two options in the order provided above. The mail-in ballot application shall also provide spaces for the voter's telephone number and email address, including language informing the voter that this contact information will be used to contact the voter concerning the acceptance or rejection of the ballot, and how the voter may cure a defect. A voter's telephone number and email address shall not be subject to public disclosure and shall not be considered a government record. The additional direct expenditures required for the implementation of the provisions of this subsection as amended by section 1 of P.L.2018, c.72 shall be offset pursuant to section 1 of P.L.2019, c.459 (C.19:63-29). b. (1) Not less than seven days before an election in which a voter wants to vote by mail, the voter may apply to the person designated in section 5 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-5), for a mail-in ballot. The application shall be in writing, shall be signed by the applicant and shall state the applicant's place of voting residence and the address to which the ballot shall be sent. In the case of a voter choosing to have their mail-in ballot sent to a secondary address, if the ballot is returned or marked undeliverable for two consecutive general elections, then future mail-in ballots shall be mailed to the voter's address where they are registered to vote and the voter shall be notified in writing of the change. The Secretary of State shall prepare a mail-in application form and shall have the authority to promulgate any rules and regulations the secretary deems necessary to effectuate the purposes of this subsection. (2) Beginning on January 1, 2026 and thereafter, not less than seven days before an election in which a voter wants to vote by mail, instead of submitting an application under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the voter may apply for a mail-in ballot electronically through the voter registration website established by the Secretary of State pursuant to section 1 of P.L.2019, c.382 (C.19:31-6.4c), which application shall be electronically submitted to the person designated by the Secretary of State. The application shall be in electronic form, shall be signed by the applicant using the applicant's electronic signature in the Statewide Voter Registration System, and shall state the applicant's place of voting residence and the address to which the ballot shall be sent. The Secretary of State shall prepare a mail-in ballot electronic application form and shall have the authority to promulgate any guidance, guidelines, rules and regulations the secretary deems necessary to effectuate the purposes of this subsection. The rules and regulations shall ensure the security of the online mail-in ballot application form and the use of verifiable signatures, including a process for the resolution of signature discrepancies and the validation of the information provided by the applicant. c. Any voter wanting to vote by mail in any election may apply to the person designated in section 5 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-5) for a mail-in ballot to be sent to the voter. A voter who is a member of the armed forces of the United States may use a federal postcard application form to apply for a mail-in ballot. d. Any voter who fails to apply for a mail-in ballot before the seven-day period prescribed in subsection b. of this section may apply in person to the county clerk for a mail-in ballot up to 3 p.m. of the day before the election. e. A person voting by mail-in ballot who registered by mail after January 1, 2003, who did not provide personal identification information when registering pursuant to section 16 of P.L.1974, c.30 (C.19:31-6.4) and is voting for the first time in his or her current county of residence following registration shall include copies of the required identification information with the mail-in ballot. Failure to include such information with the mail-in ballot shall result in its rejection. f. The county clerk shall not transmit a mail-in ballot for any election to any person who: is deemed by a county commissioner of registration to be an inactive voter; or notifies the clerk in writing that the person no longer wishes to receive such a ballot for any election; or is no longer eligible to vote and whose registration file has been transferred to the deleted file pursuant to R.S.19:31-19. g. Any mail-in ballot that is sent to a qualified voter and that is returned to the county clerk for any reason shall be forwarded to the commissioner of registration, who shall so note the return in the voter record of that voter. L.2009, c.79, s.3; amended 2018, c.72, s.1; 2019, c.459, s.3; 2020, c.70, s.8; 2022, c.67, s.10; 2022, c.68, s.1. NJSA 19:63-3.1 Additions to list of mail-in voters 14. a. The clerk of each county shall add to the list of registered voters receiving a mail-in ballot for all future elections without further request each voter in the county who requested and received a mail-in ballot for the 2016 general election, and each voter who requested and received a mail-in ballot for any election in 2017 and 2018 by filing a mail-in ballot application following the deadline for applying for a 2016 general election mail-in ballot. Each voter so added to the list shall have the option to inform the clerk in writing that the voter does not wish to receive a mail-in ballot automatically for all future elections. b. The county clerks shall transmit to each voter who will automatically receive such a ballot for all future elections pursuant to subsection a. of this section a notice informing the voter that he or she will automatically receive a mail-in ballot for all future elections unless the voter informs the clerk in writing that he or she does not wish to receive a mail-in ballot for all future elections, or beginning with the 2020 general election cycle, if the voter does not vote by mail in four consecutive years, then the voter shall no longer be furnished with a mail-in ballot for future elections and the voter shall be notified in writing of the change. c. The additional direct expenditures required for the implementation of this section shall be offset pursuant to section 1 of P.L.2019, c.459 (C.19:63-29). L.2018, c.72, s.14; amended 2019, c.265, s.1; 2019, c.459, s.2; 2022, c.68, s.2. NJSA 19:63-4 Application for mail-in ballot; authorized messenger, bearer 4. a. A qualified voter is entitled to apply for and obtain a mail-in ballot by authorized messenger, who shall be so designated over the signature of the voter and whose printed name and address shall appear on the application in the space provided. The authorized messenger shall be a family member or a registered voter of the county in which the application is made and shall place his or her signature on the application in the space so provided in the presence of the county clerk or the designee thereof. No person shall serve as an authorized messenger or as a bearer for more than three qualified voters in an election, except that an authorized messenger or bearer may serve as such for up to five qualified voters in an election if those voters are immediate family members residing in the same household as the messenger or bearer. No person who is a candidate in the election for which the voter requests a mail-in ballot shall be permitted to serve as an authorized messenger or bearer. The authorized messenger shall show a photo identification card to the county clerk, or the designee thereof, at the time the messenger submits the application form. The county clerk or the designee thereof shall authenticate the signature of the authorized messenger in the event such a person is other than a family member, by comparing it with the signature of the person appearing on a State of New Jersey driver's license, or other identification issued or recognized as official by the federal government, the State, or any of its political subdivisions, providing the identification carries the full address and signature of the person. After the authentication of the signature on the application, the county clerk or the designee thereof is authorized to deliver to the authorized messenger a ballot to be delivered to the qualified voter. b. The Secretary of State shall cause to be prepared a standard authorized messenger application form, which may be included with the mail-in ballot application forms. The authorized messenger section of the application shall contain the following language above the signature of the authorized messenger: "I do hereby certify that I will deliver the mail-in ballot directly to the voter and no other person, under penalty of law." L.2009, c.79, s.4; amended 2015, c.84, s.1; 2020, c.71, s.6. NJSA 19:63-5 Application for mail-in ballot to county clerk 5. In the case of any election, the application for a mail-in ballot shall be made to the county clerk. The county clerk shall stamp thereon the date on which the application was received in the clerk's office. In the case of applications for overseas federal election voter ballots, as provided for in P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-1 et seq.), no application shall be refused on the grounds that it was submitted too early. In the case of voter registration forms that include a selected vote by mail option, a copy of each such form shall be transmitted to and received by the appropriate county clerk, who shall be responsible for providing mail-in ballots to each qualified voter requesting such ballots for future elections, until the voter requests otherwise in writing, or beginning with the 2020 general election cycle, if the voter does not vote by mail in four consecutive years, then the voter shall no longer be furnished with a mail-in ballot for future elections and the voter shall be notified in writing of the change. L.2009, c.79, s.5; amended 2018, c.72, s.5; 2022, c.68, s.3. NJSA 19:63-6 Publication of notice 6. a. The county clerk, in the case of any Statewide election, countywide election, or school election in a regional or other school district comprising more than one municipality; the municipal clerk, in the case of any municipal election or school election in a school district comprising a single municipality; and the commissioners or other governing or administrative body of the district, in the case of any election to be held in any fire district or other special district, other than a municipality, created for specified public purposes within one or more municipalities, shall publish the following notice in substantially the following form: NOTICE TO PERSONS WANTING MAIL-IN BALLOTS If you are a qualified and registered voter of the State who wants to vote by mail in the......................... (school, municipal, primary, general, or other) election to be held on................. (date of election), the following applies: You must complete the application form below and send it to the county clerk where you reside or write or apply in person to the county clerk where you reside to request a mail-in ballot. Instead, you may complete the application form electronically on the Secretary of State's website. The name, address, and signature of any person who has assisted you to complete the mail-in ballot application must be provided on the application, and you must sign and date the application. No person may serve as an authorized messenger or bearer for more than three qualified voters in an election, but a person may serve as such for up to five qualified voters in an election if those voters are immediate family members residing in the same household as the messenger or bearer. No person who is a candidate in the election for which the voter requests a mail-in ballot may provide any assistance in the completion of the ballot or serve as an authorized messenger or bearer. A person who applies for a mail-in ballot must submit his or her application at least seven days before the election, but such person may request an application in person from the county clerk up to 3 p.m. of the day before the election. Voters who want to vote by mail in all future elections will, after their initial request and without further action on their part, be provided with a mail-in ballot until the voter requests otherwise in writing, or beginning with the 2020 general election cycle, if the voter does not vote by mail in four consecutive years, then the voter shall no longer be furnished with a mail-in ballot for future elections and the voter shall be notified in writing of the change. Application forms may be obtained by applying to the undersigned either in writing or by telephone, or the application form provided below may be completed and forwarded to the undersigned. Dated..................................................... ........................................................................ (signature and title of county clerk) .................................... (address of county clerk) .................................... (telephone no. of county clerk) b. (1) The Secretary of State shall be responsible for providing all information regarding overseas ballots to each overseas voter eligible for such a ballot pursuant to P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-1 et seq.). The secretary shall also make available valid overseas voter registration and ballot applications to any voter who is a member of the armed forces of the United States and who is a permanent resident of this State, or who is an overseas voter who wishes to register to vote or to vote in any jurisdiction in this State. The secretary shall provide such public notice as may be deemed necessary to inform members of the armed forces of the United States and overseas voters how to obtain valid overseas voter registration and ballot applications. (2) The Secretary of State shall undertake a program to inform voters in this State about their eligibility to vote by mail pursuant to this act. Dissemination of this information shall be included in the standard notices required by this section and other provisions of current law, including but not limited to the notice requirements of R.S.19:12-7, and shall be effectuated by such means as the secretary deems appropriate and to the extent that funds for such dissemination are appropriated including, but not limited to, by means of Statewide or local electronic media, public service announcements broadcast by such media, notices on the Internet site of the Department of State or any other department or agency of the Executive Branch of State government or its political subdivisions deemed appropriate by the secretary, and special mailings or notices in newspapers or other publications circulating in the counties or municipalities of this State. c. The mail-in ballot materials shall contain a notice that any person voting by mail-in ballot who has registered by mail after January 1, 2003, who did not provide personal identification information when registering and is voting for the first time in his or her current county of residence following registration shall include copies of the required identification information with the mail-in ballot, and that failure to include such information shall result in the rejection of the ballot. d. The notice provided for in subsection a. of this section shall be published before the 55th day immediately preceding the holding of any election. Notices relating to any Statewide or countywide election shall be published in at least two newspapers published in each county. All officials charged with the duty of publishing such notices shall publish the same in at least one newspaper published in each municipality or district in which the election is to be held, or if no newspaper is published in the municipality or district, then in a newspaper published in the county and circulating in the municipality or district. All such notices shall be display advertisements. L.2009, c.79, s.6; amended 2011, c.37, s.30; 2011, c.134, s.50; 2015, c.84, s.2; 2018, c.72, s.2; 2020, c.71, s.7; 2022, c.67, s.11; 2022, c.68, s.4. NJSA 19:63-6.1 Voter education campaign, vote by mail status; removal, change, potential 6. Each county shall undertake a voter education campaign, through existing media such as television or newspapers, through online platforms, or by mail addressed to registered voters with vote by mail status, to inform voters about the potential of removal from permanent vote by mail status and the potential change in where a mail-in ballot is sent as provided by P.L.2022, c.68 (C.19:63-6.1 et al.). The Division of Elections within the Department of State shall establish guidelines to be distributed to the counties for the counties to follow for the purpose of carrying out the voter education campaign. L.2022, c.68, s.6. NJSA 19:63-7 Printing of mail-in ballots 7. a. Each county clerk shall have printed sufficient mail-in ballots for each primary election for the general election, and for the general election. Along with such ballots the clerk shall also furnish inner and outer envelopes and printed directions for the preparation and transmitting of such ballots used in the election in the county. Except for any primary election for the general election, each county clerk shall ensure that the delivery envelope, which is the envelope that is used to mail the blank ballot, the outer envelope, and the inner envelope to each voter shall not contain any political affiliation or designation visible to the public on the envelope's exterior. b. The mail-in ballots shall be printed on paper of a different color from that used for any primary or general election ballot, but in all other respects, shall be as nearly as possible facsimiles of the election ballot to be voted at the election. L.2009, c.79, s.7; amended 2011, c.134, s.51; 2022, c.69, s.4. NJSA 19:63-7.1 Production, transmission of mail-in ballots in certain circumstances 36. a. If in the year in which the Apportionment Commission establishes new legislative districts the production and transmission of mail-in ballots for the primary or general election cannot be accomplished starting on or before the 45th day before the day of either election pursuant to section 9 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-9), the Secretary of State shall undertake such actions as the secretary deems necessary to ensure that the ballots are produced and transmitted to mail-in voters as soon as possible after the 45th day before the election. b. If a member of the Senate or General Assembly who is a member of a political party vacates the office prior to the expiration of the term thereof and a vacancy is created after the 70th day before the day of a general election, and due to the timing of the vacancy the production and transmission of mail-in ballots for the general election cannot be accomplished starting on or before the 45th day before the day of the election pursuant to section 9 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-9), the Secretary of State shall undertake such actions as the secretary deems necessary to ensure that the ballots are produced and transmitted to mail-in voters as soon as possible after the 45th day before the election. L.2011, c.37, s.36. NJSA 19:63-8 Verification of voter's signature for issuance of mail-in ballot; actions upon disapproval 8. Upon receipt of a request for a mail-in ballot, the county clerk shall, with the cooperation of the commissioner of registration, cause the signature of the applicant to be compared with the signature of the person appearing on the permanent registration form, or the digitalized image of the voter's signature stored in the Statewide voter registration system, to determine from such examination, and any other available information, if the applicant is a voter qualified to cast a ballot in the election in which the voter wants to vote, and determine in case of a primary election the political party primary in which the voter is entitled to vote. The commissioner of registration, or the superintendent of elections in counties having a superintendent of elections may, at the request of the county clerk, investigate any application or request for a mail-in ballot. If, after such examination, the county clerk is satisfied that the applicant is entitled to a ballot, the clerk shall mark on the application "Approved." If, after such examination the county clerk determines that the applicant is not entitled to a ballot, the clerk shall mark on the application "Disapproved" and shall so notify the applicant, stating the reason therefor, as required by section 5 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-5). Notification to the applicant shall be made in writing within 24 hours of the determination of disapproval and shall state the specific reason, or reasons, for the disapproval and inform the applicant of the opportunity to challenge the disapproval by contacting the county clerk's office. The county clerk shall provide every disapproved applicant with the opportunity to (1) submit evidence either in person or via fax, postal mail or electronic mail, (2) submit a voter registration application to update signature or change name, address, or party affiliation, (3) submit a new application to vote by mail, or (4) in the case of an application disapproved for a reason related to signature verification, sign an affidavit in the presence of the county clerk, or designee, after presenting current and valid photo identification. L.2009, c.79, s.8; amended 2020, c.71, s.8. NJSA 19:63-9 Delivery of mail-in ballots 9. a. Except as provided in subsection d. of this section, starting on or before the 45th day before the day an election is held, each county clerk shall forward mail-in ballots by first-class postage or hand delivery to each mail-in voter whose request therefor has been approved. Mail-in ballots that have been approved before the 45th day before an election shall be forwarded or delivered at least 45 days before the day of the election. Hand delivery of a mail-in ballot shall be made by the county clerk or the clerk's designee only to the voter, or the voter's authorized messenger, who must appear in person. No person shall serve as an authorized messenger for more than three qualified voters in an election, but a person may serve as such for up to five qualified voters in an election if those voters are immediate family members residing in the same household as the messenger. Ballots that have not been hand delivered shall be addressed to the voter at the forwarding address given in the application. In the case of a voter choosing to have their mail-in ballot sent to a secondary address, if the ballot is returned or marked undeliverable for two consecutive general elections, then future mail-in ballots shall be mailed to the voter's address where they are registered to vote and the voter shall be notified in writing of the change. b. (1) Whenever the clerk forwards a mail-in ballot by mail to a mail-in voter between the 45th day and the 13th day before the day of an election, the ballot shall be transmitted within three business days of the receipt of the application. (2) Whenever the clerk forwards a mail-in ballot by mail to a mail-in voter between the 12th day and the seventh day before the day of an election, the ballot shall be transmitted within two business days of the receipt of the application. The provisions of this subsection shall not apply to: (a) annual school elections and special school elections in those school districts holding such elections, pursuant to P.L.1995, c.278 (C.19:60-1 et seq.); (b) any municipality in which elections are conducted by mail, pursuant to P.L.2005, c.148 (C.19:62-1 et seq.); (c) annual elections for members of the boards of fire district commissions, pursuant to N.J.S.40A:14-72, when such elections are held at a time other than the time of the general election; and (d) the vote on any public question submitted to the voters of a local unit to increase the amount to be raised by taxation by more than the allowable adjusted tax levy, pursuant to section 11 of P.L.2007, c.62 (C.40A:4-45.46). c. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.2011, c.37) d. Each uniformed and overseas mail-in voter, as defined by the federal "Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act" (52 U.S.C. s.20301 et seq.), or any general election voter in this State whose request for a mail-in ballot has been approved, shall be forwarded by the county clerk a mail-in ballot by first-class postage or hand delivery no later than the 45th day before the day of a federal election. Whenever the county clerk forwards a mail-in ballot by mail to a uniformed or overseas mail-in voter or a State general election voter between the 45th day and the 13th day before the day of a federal election, the ballot shall be transmitted within three business days of the receipt of the application. Nothing in this section, as amended by P.L.2022, c.70, shall be construed to be inconsistent with the federal "Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act" (52 U.S.C. s.20301 et seq.). L.2009, c.79, s.9; amended 2011, c.37, s.31; 2015, c.84, s.3; 2017, c.206, s.8; 2020, c.71, s.9; 2022, c.70, s.5. NJSA 19:63-10 Forwarding of requests to county board of elections, lists of requests kept 10. a. Each county clerk, after processing the applications for mail-in ballots requiring approval under section 8 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-8) and furnishing the applicants with a mail-in ballot pursuant to that act, shall forward such requests, including those disapproved, to the county board of elections. Each clerk shall also keep one list of the requests received by the clerk and another list of the applicants whose applications were approved and sent mail-in ballots. Each list shall include the name and street address of each person requesting or receiving a mail-in ballot. The clerk shall update the lists each business day and they shall be made available to the public and transmitted to all election officials charged with the duty of administering this act. b. Each county board of elections shall keep a list of the name and street address of each person who returns a voted mail-in ballot and the name and street address of each person who delivers the ballot personally to the board. The board shall update the list each business day and it shall be accessible to the public and transmitted to all elections officials charged with the duty of administering this act. The county clerk and the county board of elections shall keep the lists required by this section starting no later than the 14th day before the day of the election and continue to do so until the day of the election. L.2009, c.79, s.10. NJSA 19:63-11 Ballots marked "Official Mail-In Ballot" 11. a. Each mail-in ballot to be used at any election shall conform generally to the ballot to be used at the election in the voter's district but the ballots shall be clearly marked "Official Mail-In Ballot." At the top of every mail-in ballot there shall be printed or stamped in a prominent size the following: To protect your vote: IT IS AGAINST THE LAW FOR ANYONE EXCEPT YOU THE VOTER TO MARK OR INSPECT THIS BALLOT. However, a family member may assist you in doing so. b. Each mail-in ballot to be used pursuant to this act shall be printed entirely in black ink. In addition to conforming generally to the ballot used in the election, the mail-in ballot shall be so prepared that the voter may indicate on it the voter's choice of the candidates for the offices to be filled, and the public questions to be voted on at the election by the voters of the entire State, county or municipality in which the voter is a resident, as known on the 48th day preceding the election. Sufficient space shall be provided on the ballot for the voter to write in the name of and vote for any candidate for, or the voter's personal choice for, any public office to be voted for at the election in the voter's election district. A list of the candidates for the offices to be filled in each election district in the county, whose names are known on the day on which the ballot is forwarded but do not appear on the ballot, with a statement of the office for which each is a candidate, shall be forwarded with such ballot. When mail-in ballots are prepared, the name of any candidate who has been nominated for any office shall be placed on the ballot to be used in the general election to be held in the year in each election district in which he is a candidate, whether or not such candidate has accepted nomination prior to when the ballot was prepared, provided that the candidate has not declined the nomination before the ballot was prepared. c. Each mail-in ballot to be used at any primary election for the general election shall, except as otherwise provided, conform to the ballot to be used at the election in the voter's election district and to the form herein prescribed for mail-in ballots to be used in such general elections. It shall be prepared so that the voter may indicate the voter's choice of the candidates of one political party for each of the officers to be voted on at the election by the voters of the election district and shall be separated into party ballots, which shall be printed upon one sheet when the voting system so allows. Each such mail-in ballot shall be plainly marked to indicate that only one party ballot is to be voted by each voter and that the party ballot voted by the voter must conform to the name of the political party indicated by the county clerk. If the county clerk has determined by investigating a voter's registration record that the voter is qualified to vote only in the primary of a particular party, the clerk shall so note on the primary ballot the party primary in which the voter is entitled to vote. In the case where the county clerk has ascertained through investigating the voter's registration record that such applicant is requesting a ballot to vote in the first primary for which the voter is eligible after registration, the clerk shall note on the primary ballot that the voter can vote in the primary of any political party. d. Any county may adopt a system of electronic scanning, or other mechanical or electronic device if the system has been approved previously by the Secretary of State to count or canvass mail-in ballots. The county clerk in any county adopting such a system may prepare and use mail-in ballots that do not conform generally to the ballot to be used at the election to the extent that such nonconformance is necessary in the operation of the electronic or mechanical canvassing system. L.2009, c.79, s.11; amended 2011, c.134, s.52. NJSA 19:63-12 Directions for preparation, transmission of mail-in ballot; free-access system 12. Each county clerk shall send, with each mail-in ballot, printed directions for the preparation and transmitting of the ballots as required by this act. The directions shall be printed in such manner and form as the Secretary of State shall require, together with two envelopes of such sizes that one will contain the other. The directions prepared by the Secretary of State shall inform the voter that the status of the voter's mail-in ballot may be checked using the free-access system provided in section 5 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-5). Except for a primary election for the general election, each county clerk shall ensure that the delivery envelope, which is the envelope that is used to mail the blank ballot, the outer envelope, and the inner envelope to each voter shall not contain any political affiliation or designation visible to the public on the envelope's exterior. The outer envelope shall be addressed to the county board of elections of the county in which is located the home address of the person to whom the mail-in ballot is sent, as certified by the county clerk. At the discretion of the county clerk, the outer envelope may be a postage paid return envelope. On the outside and front of each outer envelope, there shall be printed or stamped the following: To protect your vote: IT IS AGAINST THE LAW FOR ANYONE EXCEPT YOU THE VOTER TO MAIL OR TRANSPORT THIS BALLOT UNLESS THE ENVELOPE IS SEALED AND THE FOLLOWING IS COMPLETED: Ballot mailed or transported by (signature of bearer) (print name of bearer) (address of bearer) The reserve side of the outer envelope shall contain the following: REMINDER For your vote to count, you must: 1) Vote your ballot and place it in the inner envelope with the attached certificate. 2) Seal the envelope. 3) Place the envelope into the larger envelope addressed to the board of elections and seal that envelope. 4) If another person will be mailing your ballot or bringing it to the board of elections, MAKE CERTAIN THAT PERSON COMPLETES THE "BEARER PORTION" ON THE ENVELOPE ADDRESSED TO THE BOARD OF ELECTIONS BEFORE THE BALLOT IS TAKEN FROM YOU. NO PERSON WHO IS A CANDIDATE IN THE ELECTION FOR WHICH THE VOTER REQUESTS THIS BALLOT IS PERMITTED TO SERVE AS A BEARER. NO PERSON IS PERMITTED TO SERVE AS A BEARER FOR MORE THAN THREE QUALIFIED VOTERS IN AN ELECTION, BUT A PERSON MAY SERVE AS SUCH FOR UP TO FIVE QUALIFIED VOTERS IN AN ELECTION IF THOSE VOTERS ARE IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS RESIDING IN THE SAME HOUSEHOLD AS THE BEARER. The Secretary of State is authorized to make such changes to the instructions for mail-in ballot materials as the Secretary of State deems necessary or as is mandated by federal or State law. The inner envelope shall be so designed that it can be sealed after the mail-in ballot has been placed therein and the flap thereof shall be of such length and size as to leave sufficient margin, after sealing, for the printing thereon of the certificate hereinafter described. The flap shall be so arranged that, after the inner envelope has been sealed, the certificate can be contained, with the inner envelope, in the outer envelope, and that the margin containing the certificate can be detached without unsealing the inner envelope. On the outside of each envelope in which a mail-in ballot is sent to a mail-in voter by the clerk, there shall be printed or stamped the words "Official Mail-In Ballot." In addition, there shall be printed or stamped the following: To protect your vote: IT IS AGAINST THE LAW FOR ANYONE EXCEPT YOU THE VOTER TO OPEN, MARK, INSPECT OR SEAL THIS BALLOT. However, a family member may assist you in doing so. The reverse side of each inner envelope shall contain the following statement: A PERSON MAY BE FINED AND IMPRISONED AND MAY ALSO LOSE THE RIGHT TO VOTE UNTIL RESTORED BY LAW if that person attempts to vote fraudulently by mail-in ballot, prevents the voting of a legal voter, certifies falsely any information, interferes with a person's secrecy of voting, tampers with ballots or election documents or helps another person to do so. L.2009, c.79, s.12; amended 2015, c.84, s.4; 2020, c.71, s.10; 2022, c.69, s.5 NJSA 19:63-13 Certificate of mail-in voter 13. a. On the margin of the flap on the inner envelopes to be sent to mail-in voters there shall be printed a certificate in the following form: CERTIFICATE OF MAIL-IN VOTER I, ........................., whose home address is ............................................................., (print your name clearly) (street address or R.D. number) (municipality) DO HEREBY CERTIFY, subject to the penalties for fraudulent voting, that I am the person who applied for the enclosed ballot. I MARKED AND SEALED THIS BALLOT AND CERTIFICATE IN SECRET. However, a family member may assist me in doing so. ....................................................... (signature of voter) Any person providing assistance shall complete the following: I do hereby certify that I am the person who provided assistance to this voter and declare that I will maintain the secrecy of this ballot. ....................................................... (signature of person providing assistance) ....................................................... (printed name of person providing assistance) ....................................................... ....................................................... (address of person providing assistance) b. On the margin of the flap on the inner envelope forwarded with any mail-in ballot intended to be voted in any primary election for the general election, as the case may be, there shall be printed a certificate in the following form: CERTIFICATE OF MAIL-IN VOTER I, ........................., whose home address is............................................................. (print your name clearly) (street address or R.D. number) (municipality) , DO HEREBY CERTIFY, subject to the penalties for fraudulent voting, that I am the person who applied for the enclosed ballot for the primary election of the ........ political party. I MARKED AND SEALED THIS BALLOT AND CERTIFICATE IN SECRET. However, a family member may assist me in doing so. ..................................................... (signature of voter) Any person providing assistance shall complete the following: I do hereby certify that I am the person who provided assistance to this voter and declare that I will maintain the secrecy of this ballot. ..................................................... (signature of person providing assistance) ..................................................... (printed name of person providing assistance) ..................................................... .............................. (address of person providing assistance) c. The clerk of each county shall be permitted to print on or affix to the margin of the flap on the inner envelope of the mail-in ballot transmitted thereby to a mail-in ballot voter an alternative certificate, substantially similar to the certificate provided for by subsection a. or b. of this section, that permits the voter to certify the correctness of the voter's name, street, mailing address or R.D. number, and municipality as it appears on the label of the mail-in ballot received by the voter. d. The certificates specified under subsections a., b., and c. of this section shall also provide spaces for the voter's telephone number and email address, including language informing the voter that this contact information will be used to contact the voter concerning the acceptance or rejection of the ballot, and how the voter may cure a defect. A voter's telephone number and email address shall not be subject to public disclosure and shall not be considered a public record. e. Except for a primary election for the general election, each county clerk shall ensure that any political affiliation or designation on the inner envelope provided to each voter shall not be visible to the public on the outer envelope's exterior. L.2009, c.79, s.13; amended 2011, c.134, s.53; 2018, c.72, s.6; 2020, c.70, s.9; 2022, c.69, s.6. NJSA 19:63-14 Certification by county clerk 14. Each county clerk shall, from time to time and prior to each election, certify in writing under oath to the commissioner of registration of the county, the names and addresses of the persons to whom mail-in ballots to be voted at such election have been delivered or forwarded pursuant to this act. L.2009, c.79, s.14. NJSA 19:63-15 Marking of applicant's record 15. The commissioner of registration upon receipt of the information from the county clerk required by section 14 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-14) shall mark the applicant's record in the Statewide voter registration system and duplicate voting record appearing on the signature copy registers as follows. Whenever the commissioner of registration receives from the county clerk notice that a mail-in ballot has been forwarded to a voter during the time when the signature copy registers are in the custody of other election officials pursuant to current law, or are in transit to or from such officials, the commissioner shall, prior to the opening of the polls on election day, forward to each polling place a list of all such voters to whom ballots have been sent but whose duplicate voting record has not been marked in the manner herein prescribed. Such lists may be prepared in the same manner as a challenge sheet and may be included therein together with other causes for challenge. Any person whose name appears on any list or notice furnished by the commissioner of registration to the effect that such voter has received a mail-in ballot, but who wishes nevertheless to vote at the polls on the day of an election, shall be permitted to vote by provisional ballot after completing the affirmation statement attached to the envelope provided with the provisional ballot pursuant to section 7 of P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1). Whenever a mail-in ballot has been delivered to a voter less than seven days before an election and up to 3 p.m. of the day before the election, and the signature copy registers are in the custody of other election officials, or in transit to or from such officials, the county clerk shall prepare a master list of all such ballots, and the list shall be transmitted to the commissioner of registration in sufficient time to permit the commissioner to notify the appropriate municipal clerk. The clerk shall notify the judge of the polling place to mark the voter's record accordingly. L.2009, c.79, s.15. NJSA 19:63-16 Marking, delivery of mail-in ballot 16. a. A mail-in voter shall be entitled to mark any mail-in ballot forwarded to the voter for voting at any election by indicating the voter's choice of candidates for the offices named, and as to public questions, if any, stated thereon, in accordance with current law. In the case of ballots to be voted for any primary election for the general election, as the case may be, the voter's choice shall be limited to the candidates of the voter's political party or to any person or persons whose names are written thereon by the voter. When so marked, such ballot shall be placed in the inner envelope, which shall then be sealed, and the voter shall then fill in the form of certificate attached to the inner envelope, at the end of which the voter shall sign and print the voter's name. The inner envelope with the certificate shall then be placed in the outer envelope, which shall then be sealed. b. No mail-in voter shall permit any person in any way, except as provided by this act, to unseal, mark or inspect the voter's ballot, interfere with the secrecy of the voter's vote, complete or sign the certificate, or seal the inner or outer envelope, nor shall any person do so. c. A mail-in voter shall be entitled to assistance from a family member in performing any of the actions provided for in this section. The family member or other person providing such assistance shall certify that he or she assisted the voter and will maintain the secrecy of the vote by both printing and signing his or her name in the space provided on the certificate. In no event may a candidate for election provide such assistance, nor may any person, at the time of providing such assistance, campaign or electioneer on behalf of any candidate. d. (1) The sealed outer envelope with the inner envelope and the ballot enclosed therein shall then either be mailed to the county board of elections to which it is addressed or delivered personally by the voter or a bearer designated by the voter to the board. To be counted, the ballot must be received by the board or its designee before the time designated by R.S.19:15-2 or R.S.19:23-40 for the closing of the polls, as may be appropriate, on the day of an election. (2) Whenever a person delivers a ballot to the county board, that person shall provide proof of the person's identity in the form of a New Jersey driver's license, or another form of identification issued or recognized as official by the federal government, the State, or any of its subdivisions, providing the identification carries the full address and signature of the person. The person shall sign a record maintained by the county of all mail-in ballots personally delivered to it. (3) No person shall serve as an authorized messenger or as a bearer for more than three qualified voters in an election, but a person may serve as such for up to five qualified voters in an election if those voters are immediate family members residing in the same household as the messenger or bearer. No person who is a candidate in the election for which the voter requests a mail-in ballot shall be permitted to serve as an authorized messenger or bearer. The bearer, by signing the certification provided for in section 12 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-12), certifies that he or she received a mail-in ballot directly from the voter, and no other person, and is authorized to deliver the ballot to the appropriate board of election or designee on behalf of the voter. L.2009, c.79, s.16; amended 2011, c.134, s.54; 2015, c.84, s.5; 2020, c.71, s.11. NJSA 19:63-16.1 Options for delivery of mail-in ballot by voter 1. a. In addition to delivering a voted mail-in ballot by mail or in person as provided under "The Vote By Mail Law," P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-1 et seq.), a mail-in voter shall be entitled to deposit the voter's completed mail-in ballot in a ballot drop box established by the county board of elections as provided under this section. Each mail-in ballot deposited in a ballot drop box by the time designated under current law for the closing of the polls for that election shall be considered valid and shall be canvassed. If, at the closing of the polls, a voter deposits a mail-in ballot at a ballot drop box in a county in which the voter does not reside, the county board of elections, upon discovering that fact, shall notify and timely deliver the ballot to the county board of elections of the county in which the voter resides, who shall accept the ballot for processing. The limitations and prohibitions applicable to mail-in ballot bearers under "The Vote By Mail Law," P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-1 et seq.) shall apply under this section. b. (1) For any election, the county board of elections in each county shall establish ballot drop boxes where voters may deposit their voted mail-in ballots at least 45 days before the election. The ballot drop boxes shall be located throughout the county in a manner specified under paragraph (2) of this subsection. The county board of elections may establish a pickup schedule to retrieve mail-in ballots deposited in ballot drop boxes, consistent with the guidelines established by the Secretary of State pursuant to subparagraph (c) of paragraph (2) of this subsection. (2) (a) A ballot drop box shall mean a secured drop box that is not required to be within view of a live person for monitoring. All ballot drop boxes shall be available for use by a voter 24 hours a day and shall be placed at locations equipped with security cameras that allow for surveillance of the ballot drop box. (b) Beginning with the 2021 general election, at least one ballot drop box shall be located: at any county government building in which the main office of the county clerk is located; in each municipality with a population larger than 5,000 residents; at the main campus of each State college or university; and the main campus of each independent four-year college or university with enrollments larger than 5,000 students. Notwithstanding the locational criteria established by this subparagraph, whenever two or more ballot drop box locations are separated by a distance of less than 2,000 feet, the board of elections in each county shall determine secondary locations for those ballot drop boxes in compliance with the requirements of this section. The secondary ballot drop box locations shall be located within the municipality where those ballot drop boxes were originally located and shall be approved by a majority vote of the members of the board of elections. However, in the event of a tie in the votes cast by the members of the board of elections, the county clerk shall cast the deciding vote. Whenever possible, at least one ballot drop box shall be located in a municipality with an average per capita income or a median family income at or below 250% of the federal poverty guideline according to the most recent federal American Community Survey. (c) The board of elections in each county shall establish no fewer than 10 ballot drop boxes. To the best of their ability, the board of elections of every county shall place secure ballot drop boxes based on geographic location and population density to best serve the voters of each county in compliance with the guidelines adopted pursuant to subsection c. of this section. The Secretary of State shall establish guidelines for the placement of the ballot drop boxes, the security of the ballot drop boxes, and the schedule for ballot pickup from the ballot boxes. (d) All ballot drop box locations shall be on sites that meet the accessibility requirements applicable to polling places under R.S.19:8-2 and shall be subject to the same compliance oversight applicable to polling places under section 3 of P.L.1991, c.429 (C.19:8-3.3). A ballot drop box site shall be considered accessible if it is in compliance with the federal "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990" (42 U.S.C. s.12101 et seq.). (e) Except as otherwise provided herein, no ballot drop box shall be located inside, or within 100 feet of an entrance or exit, of a State, county, or municipal police station. Notwithstanding the provisions of this subparagraph, a ballot drop box that has already been installed and permanently affixed prior to the effective date of this act, P.L.2021, c.459, at any of the following locations may remain at that location notwithstanding that the ballot drop box is within 100 feet of an entrance or exit of a State, county, or municipal police station if the county commissioners approve the continued presence at that location by a majority vote of the commissioners and with the reasons therefor subject to public disclosure: any county government building in which the main office of the county clerk is located; any municipal government building in which the main office of the municipal clerk is located in municipalities with populations larger than 5,000 residents; the main campus of a county community college; the main campus of a State college or university; and the main campus of an independent four-year college or university with enrollments larger than 5,000 students. (f) Except as otherwise permitted herein, no State, county, or municipal police officer shall remain or stand within 100 feet of a ballot drop box in use during the conduct of an election. Nothing herein shall be interpreted to prohibit the police officer from: voting at that ballot drop box in a personal capacity; traveling to and from, or remaining within, their personal residence if that residence is within 100 feet of a ballot drop box; investigating, addressing, or removing any cause for a disturbance, or otherwise responding to a request for assistance, on or around the premises of the location of that ballot drop box; or escorting to or from, or both, a ballot drop box or the premise on which it is located any person who may require the assistance of the officer. (g) No person shall wear, display, sell, give, or provide any political or campaign slogan, badge, button, or other insignia associated with any political party or candidate within 100 feet of a ballot drop box in use during the conduct of an election, except with respect to the badge furnished by the county board as provided by law. A person violating the provisions of this subparagraph shall be guilty of a disorderly persons offense. c. The Secretary of State, in consultation with county boards of elections, shall establish the guidelines necessary to ensure the secure and successful implementation of the mail-in ballot drop boxes required by this section to ensure adequate access in various geographic areas of the county. In determining the ballot drop box locations, the secretary and county boards of elections shall consider, at a minimum, concentrations of population, geographic areas, voter convenience, proximity to public transportation, community-based locations, travel time to the location, proximity to other voting locations and ballot drop boxes, commuter traffic patterns, and security. The guidelines shall include, but may not be limited to, criteria for each county board of elections to: (1) determine the number of ballot drop boxes required per voter population, considering both the number of registered voters and the number of registered mail-in voters in each county before each election; (2) select the geographic location of each ballot drop box, ensuring an equitable distribution of ballot drop boxes across the county to maximize convenience to voters; (3) ensure the accessibility of ballot drop boxes and drop box locations to persons with disabilities; and (4) maintain the security of ballot drop boxes and of the ballots deposited therein, including standards and procedures for ballot retrieval by authorized persons only, and for ensuring the proper chain of custody and safe storage of voted mail-in ballots before each election. d. Each county clerk shall include the locations of the ballot drop boxes established in the county along with the instructions furnished with the mail-in ballot package sent to each mail-in voter pursuant to section 7 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-7). At least 45 days before each election, each county board of elections shall cause to be published on their respective websites the location of the ballot drop boxes in each county, and shall provide this information to the Secretary of State for publishing the same on the Division of Elections website. e. Whenever a municipal, school, or special election is held, the board shall, at a minimum, open the ballot drop box located geographically closest to the municipal government building in which the main office of the municipal clerk is located and the ballot drop box located at the board of elections or county office, if one is placed at that location. When a school election encompasses more than one municipality, the board shall be responsible for the selection of the ballot drop box location with respect to each municipality. L.2020, c.72, s.1; amended 2021, 44; 2021, c.459, s.4; 2022, c.70, s.4. NJSA 19:63-17 Actions of county board of elections relative to mail-in ballot 17. a. The county board of elections shall, promptly after receiving each mail-in ballot, remove the inner envelope containing the ballot from the outer envelope and shall compare the signature and the information contained on the flap of the inner envelope with the signature and information contained in the respective requests for mail-in ballots and the signature and information contained in the Statewide voter registration system. In addition, as to mail-in ballots issued less than seven days prior to an election, the county board of elections shall also check to establish that the mail-in voter did not vote in person. The county board shall reject such a ballot if it is not satisfied, pursuant to a comparison with the Statewide voter registration system, that the voter is legally entitled to vote and that the ballot conforms with the requirements of this act. The county board of elections shall conduct the determination of qualification of each voter in accordance with the requirements of the Certificate of Mail-in Voter pursuant to section 13 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-13). In the case of a mail-in ballot to be voted at a primary election for the general election, the ballot shall be rejected if the mail-in voter has indicated in the certificate the voter's intention to vote in a primary election of any political party in which the voter is not entitled to vote according to the Statewide voter registration system, and if it shall appear from the record that the voter is not entitled to vote in a primary election of the political party which has been so indicated. Any mail-in ballot which is received by a county board of elections shall be rejected if the inner envelope is unsealed or if either the inner or outer envelope has a seal that has been tampered with. Mail-in ballots shall not be rejected due to any defect arising out of or relating to the preparation or mailing of the ballot or envelope that was not reasonably caused by the voters, such as a torn envelope and missing or insufficient glue to allow the ballot to be sealed. Disputes about the qualifications of a mail-in voter to vote or about whether or not or how any mail-in ballot shall be counted in such election shall be referred to the Superior Court for determination, as provided under section 4 of P.L.2020, c.70 (C.19:63-17.1). After such investigation, the county board of elections shall detach or separate the certificate from the inner envelope containing the mail-in ballot, unless it has been rejected by it or by the Superior Court, marking the envelope so as to identify the election district in which the ballot contained therein is to be voted as indicated by the voter's home address appearing on the certificate attached to or accompanying the inner envelope and, in the case of ballots to be voted at a primary election for a general election, so as to identify the political party in the primary election of which it is to be voted. The location at which a county board of elections determines whether a mail-in ballot shall be accepted or rejected shall be considered an election district for the purposes of appointment of challengers. b. The county board of elections shall, promptly after receiving each mail-in ballot, undertake the following procedures and requirements concerning the acceptance or rejection of each mail-in ballot: (1) within 24 hours after the decision has been made to reject a voter's mail-in or provisional ballot on the basis of a missing signature or discrepant signature, issue a "Cure Letter" by mail or email to the voter whose ballot was rejected, which shall inform the voter of that fact and provide the reasoning for rejection, and attempt to contact the voter by telephone, if a telephone number is available. The cure letter shall include a "Cure Form" and the form shall include the voter's name and instruct the voter on how to cure the alleged or actual deficiency. Cure forms shall not be referred to as affidavits or certifications and shall not be required to be sworn; (2) when the alleged or actual deficiency involves the signature of the voter, instruct the voter that they may cure the deficiency by completing the cure form and returning it to the county board of elections in person, by fax, or by email, not later than 48 hours prior to the final certification of the results of the election other than the general election, or in the case of a general election within 11 days after the general election, or by returning it to the county board of elections by mail, and that the completed cure form must be received by the county board of elections not later than 48 hours prior to the final certification of the results of the election other than the general election, or in the case of a general election within 11 days after the general election; (3) include, with the cure letter, when sent by mail, a pre-printed cure form and a postage-paid return envelope addressed to the county board of elections which the voter may use to return the cure form; and (4) inform voters that they shall not be required to submit any form of hard-copy identification document or copy thereof in order to cure a signature deficiency, but may do so by declaring that they submitted their provisional ballot or mail-in ballot, and verifying their identity by either: (a) providing a valid New Jersey driver's license number or Motor Vehicle Commission non-driver identification number; or (b) if the voter does not have a valid New Jersey driver's license number or Motor Vehicle Commission non-driver identification number, then by providing the last four digits of their Social Security Number; or (c) if the voter does not have the identification in (a) or (b), then attaching a legible copy of a New Jersey State-accepted form of identification, including either a sample ballot which lists the voter's name and address, an official federal, State, county, or municipal document which lists the voter's name and address, or a utility bill, telephone bill, or tax or rent receipt which lists the voter's name and address; and (d) signing and dating the cure form prior to returning it. c. If a voter returns a completed cure form in a timely manner and the information provided verifies the voter's identity, pursuant to this section, their otherwise valid mail-in or provisional ballot shall be counted in the final election results irrespective of any signature deficiency previously identified and, under those circumstances, the cure form may not be verified or authenticated using signature matching. d. In accordance with this section, variations in voter signatures caused by the substitution of initials for the first name, middle name, or both, shall not be grounds for the county board of elections to determine that the signatures are non-conforming or do not match. e. In cases of rejected ballots, the county board of elections shall retain the voter's outer envelope, inner envelope, self-certification certificate, and mail-in ballot in a bundle unique to each voter for a period of two years in accordance with section 24 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-24). f. County boards of elections shall be required to meet at least once each week during the three-week period preceding each election to conduct the ballot processing and curing provisions specified in this section, and shall meet more frequently as may be required by the Secretary of State to ensure the timely processing of ballots. The Secretary of State shall prepare educational materials regarding this section that all employed county boards of elections employees handling ballots shall read and have available for review. The materials shall provide clear information regarding the standards for acceptance and rejection of mail-in ballots and the safe-keeping of all materials in the case of rejection. The materials shall serve an educational purpose for the county board of elections and shall not replace, supersede, or void the authority of the county board or a judge of the Superior Court to accept or reject a mail-in ballot. L.2009, c.79, s.17; amended 2011, c.134, s.55; 2020, c.70, s.3; 2020, c.71, s.12; 2023, c.124, s.16. NJSA 19:63-17.1 Determination of validity of mail-in ballot 4. a. Following the attempt to cure any alleged deficiencies in a mail-in ballot pursuant to section 17 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-17), the county board of elections shall make a final determination about whether or not the mail-in ballot alleged to be deficient shall be counted. The failure or alleged failure of any voter to cure alleged deficiencies in the voter's mail-in ballot shall not create a presumption that the vote is improper or invalid, nor shall it be considered evidence that the vote is improper or invalid. b. Following final determination under subsection a. of this section, disputes about the qualifications of a voter to vote, or about whether or not or how any mail-in ballot shall be counted in that election, shall be referred to the Superior Court for determination. L.2020, c.70, s.4. NJSA 19:63-17.2 Educational materials for "evaluators." 5. a. The Secretary of State shall prepare educational materials regarding the provisions of section 17 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-17) that all county boards of elections persons handling ballots shall be required to read or view prior to the election. The materials shall provide clear information regarding the standards for acceptance and rejection of mail-in ballots and the safe holding of all materials in the case of rejection. b. Prior to each election, the Secretary of State shall direct all county boards of elections and their members, agents, employees, and representatives, who shall be collectively known as the "evaluators," and who are responsible for authenticating or verifying mail-in ballots pursuant to section 17 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-17), or authenticating or verifying provisional ballots pursuant to section 19 of P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-13), to comply with the provisions of subsection c. of this section. c. The Secretary of State and each county board of elections shall ensure that all evaluators receive, and are directed to comply with, written guidance stating as follows: (1) when verifying signatures, evaluators shall keep in mind that everyone writes differently, and no one signs their name exactly the same way twice; (2) some variation in signatures is to be expected; (3) many factors can lead to signature variance, including, but not limited to, age, disability, underlying health conditions, writing implement or surface, level of concentration, and educational background; (4) according to studies, evaluators are more likely to declare genuine signatures to be non-genuine than they are to accept a non-genuine signature as genuine, and the goal is to prevent these errors in signature verification; and (5) evaluators shall presume that the documents were signed by the same person and shall accept a signature as valid unless there is a clear discrepancy that cannot be reasonably explained. d. The Secretary of State shall, not later than 14 days prior to the election, publish the signature matching guidelines required under subsection c. of this section which each evaluator shall be required to follow in determining if mail-in voter signatures match. e. The Secretary of State shall, at least 30 days prior to the election, conduct a voter education campaign to inform voters about the signature matching and ballot curing provisions established by this act, P.L.2020, c.70, which campaign shall also exhort voters to update their contact information with their respective county board of elections, including their email address and telephone number, to enable the county board to contact the voter in case the need arises for the voter to cure their ballot. L.2020, c.70, s.5. NJSA 19:63-19 Mail-in ballot deemed valid 19. No mail-in ballot shall be rejected or declared invalid because it does not contain all of the names of the candidates or all of the public questions to be voted for in the election district in the election in which it is to be counted. A mail-in ballot shall be counted in determining the result of the election as to any office or public question, if the designation of the office and the name of the candidate for election to the office or the answer to such public question are indicated thereon to demonstrate the voter's choice. L.2009, c.79, s.19. NJSA 19:63-20 Mail-in voters, certain, not permitted to vote in person 20. a. Any person who has applied for a mail-in ballot and has had the mail-in ballot either delivered in person or forwarded by mail, and voted and returned the voted ballot to the county board, shall not be permitted to vote in person at the polling place in the voter's election district on the day of the election. b. Any person who: (1) has applied for a mail-in ballot and not received either the ballot or an explanation for not receiving such a ballot pursuant to notification by the county clerk or from the free-access system established pursuant to section 5 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-5) to provide such information; (2) has applied for and received a mail-in ballot and has not transmitted it to the county board of elections or given it to a bearer for delivery to the county board before the time for the opening of the polls on the day of an election; or (3) has applied for and received a mail-in ballot and has not transmitted it to the county board of elections or given it to the bearer for delivery to the county board, but appears at the polling place without the ballot and wishes to vote, shall be permitted to vote in person by provisional ballot at the polling place in the voter's election district on the day of the election. L.2009, c.79, s.20; amended 2018, c.72, s.7. NJSA 19:63-21 Rejection of ballot mailed in by voter subsequently deceased 21. Whenever the county board receives evidence that a mail-in voter who has marked and forwarded a mail-in ballot has died before the opening of the polls on the day of the election, the ballot shall be rejected by the board and retained by it in the same manner as provided by this act for other rejected ballots. L.2009, c.79, s.21. NJSA 19:63-22 Opening of mail-in ballot 22. a. On the day of each election, or as provided under subsection b. of this section, each county board of elections shall open in the presence of the commissioner of registration, or the designee thereof, the inner envelopes that contain the mail-in ballots with the votes cast for the election. The inner envelopes containing the ballots that the board or the Superior Court has rejected shall not be so opened, but shall be retained as provided for by this act. The board shall then proceed to canvass the votes cast on the mail-in ballots, but no such ballot shall be counted in any primary election for the general election if the ballot of the political party marked for voting thereon differs from the designation of the political party in the primary election of which such ballot is intended to be voted as marked on the envelope by the county board of elections. Every mail-in ballot that bears a postmark date before or of the day of the election and that is received by the county board within 144 hours after the time of the closing of the polls for the election that the ballot was prepared shall be considered valid and shall be canvassed. Every mail-in ballot that does not bear a postmark date but that is received by the county board by delivery of the United States Postal Service before, or within 48 hours after, the time of the closing of the polls for the election for which the ballot was prepared shall be considered valid and shall be canvassed. b. A county board of elections may begin opening the inner envelopes for each mail-in ballot and canvassing each mail-in ballot from the inner envelope no earlier than five days prior to the day of the election. The Secretary of State shall establish guidelines concerning the early canvassing process. If a county board of elections begins opening the inner envelopes and canvassing the mail-in ballots from the inner envelopes prior to the day of the election, the county board shall implement the measures necessary to ensure the security and secrecy of the mail-in ballots. The contents of the mail-in ballots and the results of the ballot canvassing shall remain confidential and shall be disclosed only in accordance with the provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, regulations and guidelines concerning the disclosure of election results, and in no circumstances disclosed prior to the close of polls on the day of the election. In addition to the guidelines concerning the early canvassing process, the Secretary of State shall promulgate regulations to ensure that any county board of elections that begins opening the inner envelopes and canvassing the mail-in ballots from the inner envelopes prior to the closing of the polls on election day shall do so in a manner that prevents any person, including any person who is authorized to receive and canvass completed mail-in ballots, from obtaining knowledge of the unofficial results of ballots cast for any candidate for public office or any public question submitted to the voters until after the closing of the polls on election day. No tally or tabulation of results shall occur prior to the opening of polls on election day. As provided under R.S.19:34-13, any person who is authorized to receive and canvass completed mail-in-ballots who knowingly discloses to the public the contents of a mail-in ballot prior to the time designated by law for the closing of the polls for each election shall be guilty of a crime of the third degree. c. Immediately after the canvass is completed, the respective county boards of election shall certify the result of the canvass to the county clerk or the municipal or district clerk or other appropriate officer, as the case may be, showing the result of the canvass by municipality and ward. The votes thus canvassed shall be counted in determining the result of the election. The county board of elections shall, immediately after the canvass is completed for any primary election, certify the results of the votes cast for members of the county committees to the respective municipal clerks, and those votes shall be counted in determining the result of the election. Each mail-in ballot cast, canvassed, and tallied in an election under this section, excluding a fire district election, shall be reported in the results for the election district in which the voter resides. Whenever the reporting requirement of this subsection would cause a voter's privacy to be violated, the election results shall be reported in a manner that maintains the privacy of the vote. L.2009, c.79, s.22; amended 2011, c.134, s.56; 2018, c.72, s.8; 2020, c.71, s.13; 2022, c.70, s.7. NJSA 19:63-23 Marking in voting records of information relative to mail-in ballots 23. On an ongoing basis as each action is completed, the county clerk shall mark in the Statewide voter registration system, which will be shared with the free-access system, to show that mail-in ballots were delivered or forwarded to the respective registered voters. For each mail-in ballot that has been voted, received and counted, the board of elections shall also, by reference to the certificates removed from the inner envelopes of such ballots, place the word "Voted" in the space provided in the Statewide voter registration system and duplicate voting record for recording the ballot number of the voter's ballot in the election. For each mail-in ballot that has been voted, received and rejected pursuant to section 17 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-17), the board of elections shall mark as "Rejected" in the Statewide voter registration system, which will be shared with the free-access system. For each of the rejected mail-in ballots where the voter provided a cure and therefore were accepted, the board of elections shall provide an additional input as "Accepted" in the Statewide voter registration system, which will be shared with the free access system. In the case of the primary election for the general election, the board shall also cause to be noted in the proper space of the Statewide voter registration system or other record of voting form the first three letters of the name of the political party primary in which such ballot was voted. The record contained in the Statewide voter registration system and of voting forms in the original permanent registration binders shall be conformed to the foregoing entries in the duplicate forms. L.2009, c.79, s.23; amended 2011, c.134, s.57; 2020, c.70, s.6. NJSA 19:63-24 Board of elections to keep voted mail-in ballots and certifications for two years 24. The county board of elections shall keep, for two years, all of the requests and applications for mail-in ballots, all voted mail-in ballots, and all of the certificates that have been detached or separated by them from the inner envelopes. All inner envelopes together with their certificates, and the contents of those envelopes not opened by order of the county board or Superior Court, shall also be retained for the same period by the board. The superintendent of elections in counties having a superintendent of elections and the prosecutor in all other counties shall have the authority to impound all mail-in ballots whenever the superintendent or prosecutor, as may be appropriate, shall deem such action to be necessary. L.2009, c.79, s.24. NJSA 19:63-25 Powers exercised over mail-in voting 25. The county board of elections, the county clerk, the superintendent of elections and the commissioner of registration shall exercise the same powers over mail-in voting as over other voting in elections, except as otherwise provided by law. L.2009, c.79, s.25. NJSA 19:63-26 No election held invalid due to mail-in ballots 26. No election shall be held to be invalid due to any irregularity or failure in the preparation or forwarding of any mail-in ballots prepared or forwarded pursuant to the provisions of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-1 et al.). L.2009, c.79, s.26. NJSA 19:63-27 Ballot required to be sealed before delivery 27. No person shall take a mail-in ballot from a voter or other person having custody of it for the purpose of delivering it to the county board of elections or to a postal box or post office, nor shall any voter permit any person to do so, unless the ballot is sealed in the outer envelope and the person who transports or delivers it first signs and prints his or her name on the outer envelope. No other person shall attempt to do any of the foregoing. L.2009, c.79, s.27. NJSA 19:63-28 Violations, third degree crime; penalties 28. a. Any person who knowingly violates any of the provisions of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-1 et al.), or who, not being entitled to vote thereunder, fraudulently votes or attempts to vote thereunder, or enables or attempts to enable another person not entitled to vote thereunder to vote fraudulently thereunder, or who prevents or attempts to prevent by fraud the voting of any person legally entitled to vote under this act, or who shall knowingly certify falsely in any paper required under this act, or who, at any time, tampers with any ballot or document used in an election or interferes with the secrecy of the voting of any person, is guilty of a crime of the third degree, and upon conviction thereof shall be subject, in addition to such other penalties as are authorized by law, to disenfranchisement while serving a sentence of incarceration, unless and until pardoned or restored by law to the right of suffrage. b. Any person who knowingly aids and abets another in violating any of the provisions of this section is guilty of a crime of the third degree and upon conviction thereof shall be subject, in addition to such other penalties as are authorized by law, to disenfranchisement while serving a sentence of incarceration, unless and until pardoned or restored by law to the right of suffrage. L.2009, c.79, s.28; amended 2015, c.84, s.6; 2019, c.270, s.10. NJSA 19:63-29 Violations, third degree crime; penalties 1. There is created a special, non-lapsing fund in the Department of State that shall be designated the "Mail-In Ballot Local Reimbursement Fund." The fund shall be maintained as a separate account and administered by the Secretary of State. The fund shall consist of: (1) any monies appropriated by the State for the purposes of the fund; and (2) all interest and investment earnings received on monies in the fund. The fund shall be used to offset the additional direct expenditures required for the implementation of P.L.2018, c.72 and P.L.2019, c.265 and any rule or regulation issued pursuant thereto. There shall be appropriated annually through the annual appropriations act such amounts as shall be deemed necessary for the purposes of the fund. The clerk of each county, shall, on or before January 1 of each year following the year for which the county, or any municipality, board of education, or fire district therein, is seeking reimbursement, certify to the Department of State, in a manner prescribed by the department, the total cost incurred by the county, municipality, board of education, or fire district in implementing the provisions of P.L.2018, c.72 and P.L.2019, c.265. L.2019, c.459, s.1. NJSA 19:63-30 Retroactivity 6. To the extent deemed expired by the Council on Local Mandates, established by section 4 of P.L.1996, c.24 (C.52:13H-4) pursuant to Article VIII, Section II, paragraph 5 of the New Jersey Constitution, the provisions of P.L.2018, c.72 and P.L.2019, c.265 shall be accorded full force and effect retroactive to the effective dates thereof, the funding for which shall be provided as in sections 1 and 5 of this act, P.L.2019, c.459 (C.19:63-29), and section 3 of P.L.2019, c.265, to offset the additional direct expenditures required for the implementation of P.L.2018, c.72 and P.L.2019, c.265 as required under Article VIII, Section II, paragraph 5 of the New Jersey Constitution. L.2019, c.459, s.6. NJSA 19:63-31 Conducting of November 2020 General Election 2. a. The November 2020 General Election shall be conducted primarily via vote-by-mail ballots, which will be sent to all "Active" registered voters without the need for an application to receive a vote-by-mail ballot. The November 2020 General Election shall be conducted in accordance with Title 19 except as set forth below in subsections b. through aa. of this section. b. All vote-by-mail return envelopes shall have prepaid First-Class postage in order to facilitate the proper delivery of all cast vote-by-mail ballots. c. Notwithstanding the provisions of R.S.19:14-25, in lieu of sending a sample ballot as required by that section, the appropriate county official, as identified in R.S.19:14-25, shall send notice to all "Active" voters, pursuant to R.S.19:14-21, advising of the voter's polling place, the URL to the Division of Election's Internet website that contains polling place information, locations of secure ballot drop boxes within the county, information on where to obtain a sample ballot prior to the election, a statement indicating that a sample ballot will be available at the polling place on the day of the election, and, if applicable, information on a county website where a sample ballot may be viewed. The notice in lieu of a sample ballot authorized pursuant to this subsection shall be sent return service requested as required by R.S.19:14-23. The notice in lieu of a sample ballot authorized pursuant to this subsection shall be mailed on or before October 23, 2020. Notwithstanding R.S.19:63-6, in lieu of the statutory notice, the county clerks shall, in a time set forth by the Secretary of State, publish a notice to be prepared by the Secretary of State. d. All public primary and secondary schools shall be closed to in-person instruction on November 3, 2020, and pursuant to R.S.19:8-2, the authorities in charge of such schools shall not deny the request of a county board of elections for use of the buildings as polling places. All public primary and secondary schools shall work cooperatively with the county elections officials for the delivery of the necessary equipment for the November 2020 General Election. e. Each county shall open a minimum of at least one polling place in each municipality for the November 2020 General Election. Each county shall open a minimum of 50 percent of its regularly used polling places, and may open more than the minimum number of its regularly used polling places. If a county board of elections is unable to reach a minimum of 50 percent of its regularly used polling places, the county boards of elections shall utilize schools or other large facilities to serve as large voting centers, which shall accommodate more voting districts in one polling place. Each polling place shall meet the applicable requirements of the federal "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990" (42 U.S.C. s.12101 et seq.). To the best of their ability, the county boards of elections shall select polling places based on geographic location and population density to best serve the voters of each municipality. County boards of elections shall ensure that polling places and poll workers implement, at a minimum, the following requirements for the November 2020 General Election: (1) Limit occupancy within all polling places to a number that permits voters to maintain a distance of six feet between each other and poll workers at any time; (2) Ensure six feet of distance between voters and ensure six feet of distance between voters and poll workers through the demarcation of six feet of spacing in voter lines and poll worker stations to demonstrate appropriate spacing for social distancing; (3) Require infection control practices, such as regular hand washing, coughing and sneezing etiquette, and proper tissue usage and disposal; (4) Provide poll workers break time for repeated handwashing throughout their shifts; (5) Require frequent sanitization of high-touch areas in polling places consistent with CDC guidelines as of the date of the election; (6) Place conspicuous signage at entrances and throughout the polling place alerting poll workers and voters to the required six feet of physical distance; (7) Provide sanitization materials, such as hand sanitizer and sanitizing wipes, to poll workers, voters, and those accompanying voters; (8) Require poll workers to adhere to CDC guidelines as of the date of the election regarding face coverings while in the polling place, except where doing so would inhibit that individual's health, and require poll workers to wear gloves when in contact with voters and those accompanying voters. County boards of elections shall provide any required face coverings and gloves for poll workers, without charge to the poll workers. If a poll worker refuses to wear a required cloth face covering for non-medical reasons, then a county board of elections may decline entry to the individual. Nothing herein should prevent a poll worker from wearing a surgical grade mask or other more protective face covering if the individual is already in possession of such equipment. Where a poll worker declines to wear a required face covering at a polling place due to a medical condition that inhibits such usage, they shall not be required to produce medical documentation verifying the stated condition; (9) Require appointed challengers to adhere to CDC guidelines as of the date of the election regarding face coverings while in the polling places and while in any location where the challenger is serving in such a capacity, such as while observing the counting of ballots. If an appointed challenger refuses to wear a required cloth face covering, then a county board of elections may decline entry to the individual; and (10) Strongly encourage voters and those accompanying voters to adhere to any CDC guidelines as of the date of the election regarding face coverings while inside polling places except where doing so would inhibit that individual's health. County boards of elections may provide such face coverings for voters and those accompanying voters, without charge to them. If a voter or person accompanying a voter refuses to comply with the CDC guidelines, a poll worker shall not deny entry to the voter or person. Nothing herein should prevent a voter from wearing a surgical grade mask or other more protective face covering if the individual is already in possession of such equipment. f. Notwithstanding the provisions of R.S.19:31-21, for the November 2020 General Election, the Secretary of State may modify the requirements concerning the use of poll books and the information contained therein as necessary to address the procedure by which the November 2020 General Election will be conducted pursuant to this section, and the needs resulting therefrom. g. Any voter who appears at a polling place on the day of the November 2020 General Election and does not return a voted mail-in ballot, pursuant to subsection h. of this section, shall vote via a provisional ballot, except that accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. h. Pursuant to section 16 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-16), the county boards of elections shall designate each polling place as a location to receive voted mail-in ballots. A voter may return only the mail-in-ballot that they personally voted to their designated polling place. The Secretary of State shall establish appropriate standards for the acceptance of mail-in ballots, including, but not limited to, the poll worker verification that the voter returning the voted mail-in ballot at the polling place is the individual who voted the mail-in ballot, the securing of the returned mail-in ballots, and the return of the mail-in ballots to the county boards of elections after the close of polls. i. Each polling place shall have signage that provides the location of all ballot drop boxes in the county in which the polling place is located. j. The time restrictions of section 9 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-9) shall be modified as follows: vote-by-mail ballots shall be mailed to all "Active" voters on or before the 29th day before the November 2020 General Election and in a manner to ensure the timely receipt and return of ballots for counting in the November 2020 General Election, and whenever the county clerk forwards a mail-in ballot by mail to a voter between the 29th day and the 13th day before the November 2020 General Election it shall be transmitted within three business days of receipt of the application and in a manner to ensure the timely receipt and return of the ballot for counting in the November 2020 General Election. All other provisions of section 9 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-9) remain, and this subsection, shall not modify the requirements set forth in the "Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act," 52 U.S.C. §20302(a)(8)(A). k. Notwithstanding any other law to the contrary, to allow enough time for the county clerks to print and mail the ballots to voters, the following deadlines are modified as follows: (1) the deadline to submit a public question for November 2020 school board elections to the county clerk by the school board secretary, pursuant to R.S.19:16-4, shall be August 31, 2020; (2) the last day a vacancy may occur for primary election nominees for the November 2020 General Election, under R.S.19:13-20, shall be August 28, 2020; (3) the deadline to fill a vacancy in the primary election nominees for the November 2020 General Election, under R.S.19:13-20, shall be August 31, 2020; (4) the deadline to apply for a mail-in ballot by mail, under section 3 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-3), shall be October 23, 2020; and (5) the deadline for returning a vote-by-mail application in-person in subsection d. of section 3 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-3) shall be suspended for the November 2020 General Election. (6) Vacancies occurring after August 28, 2020 shall not be placed on the November General Election ballot. l. Vote-by-mail ballots shall be processed and canvassed in accordance with guidelines provided by the CDC, the New Jersey Department of Health, and the respective county departments of health. m. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection d. of section 4 of P.L.1995, c.195 (C.19:59-15) and section 22 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-22) to the contrary, to account for the increase in vote-by-mail ballots and to ensure that registered voters' efforts to vote are not impacted by delays in the postal service, every vote-by-mail ballot that is postmarked on or before November 3, 2020, and that is received by November 10, 2020, at 8:00 p.m. shall be considered valid and shall be canvassed, assuming the ballot meets all other statutory requirements. Every ballot without a postmark, and ballots mis-marked and confirmed by the post office that those ballots were received by the post office on or before November 3, 2020, that is received by the county boards of elections from the United States Postal Service within 48 hours of the closing of polls on November 3, 2020, shall be considered valid and shall be canvassed, assuming the ballot meets all other statutory requirements. In addition, a county board of elections may begin opening the inner envelopes and canvassing each mail-in ballot from the inner envelopes no earlier than ten days prior to the day of the election. The Secretary of State shall establish guidelines concerning the early canvassing process. If a county board of elections begins opening the inner envelopes and canvassing the mail-in ballots from the inner envelopes prior to the day of the election, the county board shall implement the measures necessary to ensure the security and secrecy of the mail-in ballots. The contents of the mail-in ballots and the results of the ballot canvassing shall remain confidential and shall be disclosed only in accordance with the provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, regulations and guidelines concerning the disclosure of election results, and in no circumstances disclosed prior to the close of polls on the day of the election. n. Notwithstanding the provisions of section 18 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-18), to account for the increase in vote-by-mail ballots and to provide the county boards of elections sufficient time to canvass the returned ballots, the county boards of elections may continue the counting of ballots beyond the close of polls on November 3, 2020, and may adjourn counting after 11:00 pm on November 3, 2020 to immediately continue counting at 9:00 am on November 4, 2020, and continue every day thereafter, until the counting is completed within the limits of this section. In addition, notwithstanding the provisions of section 19 of P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-13), the county commissioner of registration may forward provisional ballots to the county board of election for counting on an ongoing basis as the verification process is completed. o. In order to expedite the signature-verification process outlined in section 17 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-17), the county boards of elections shall meet at least four days per week starting October 13, 2020. Voters whose ballots are rejected pursuant to section 17 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-17), for a missing or discrepant signature, shall be given the opportunity to cure the signature defect in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary of State, in the absence of any governing statute. p. Because of the need to meet the federal deadlines for the State's electors to meet, the meeting of the county Board of Canvassers, under R.S.19:19-1, shall occur on or before November 20, 2020 to certify the results of the November 2020 General Election, and no extension under R.S.19:19-4 or R.S.19:19-6 shall be sought. The county clerks' transmittal of the official November 2020 General Election results to the Secretary of State, under R.S.19:19-13, shall occur on or before November 23, 2020, and the county clerks shall not seek an extension of this deadline. The meeting of the Board of State Canvassers, under R.S.19:21-1, shall occur on or before December 8, 2020 to certify the results of the November 2020 General Election. q. Notwithstanding the provisions of R.S.19:6-2 to the contrary, county residency shall not be a prerequisite for employment as a poll worker for the November 2020 General Election to allow for greater flexibility in obtaining poll workers. r. Notwithstanding the provisions of R.S.19:8-2 to the contrary, due to the limited number of polling places that will be open for the November 2020 General Election, the county board of elections may select a polling place located more than 1,000 feet distant from the boundary line of the district. s. The time to prepare reports pursuant to sections 1 and 2 of P.L.2005, c.152 (C.19:53B-21 and C.19:53C-21) is extended to November 23, 2020. t. Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (8) of subsection c. of section 1 of P.L.2007, c.349 (C.19:61-9), to allow enough time for results to be certified prior to the meeting of electors, counties may certify their election results prior to the commencement of the election audit required in that section, provided that the audit is completed by December 4, 2020. u. The Secretary of State shall establish other appropriate standards for ensuring that all voters with disabilities are able to exercise their right to vote in the November 2020 General Election. v. The Secretary of State and county election officials, as appropriate, shall coordinate with the United States Postal Service to facilitate proper delivery of ballots by the United States Postal Service. w. The Secretary of State and county election officials, as appropriate, shall act to facilitate the public's understanding of the rules governing the November 2020 General Election. x. The Secretary of State shall establish a hotline number for reports of violations of the election laws and this section in connection with the November 2020 General Election. y. Any actions taken by the Secretary of State pursuant to this section shall not be subject to the requirements of the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.). z. To the extent possible, each county shall have at least a total 10 secure ballot drop boxes in locations that are readily accessible to the registered voters within the county. To the best of their ability, the county boards of elections shall place secure ballot drop boxes based on geographic location and population density to best serve the voters of each county. The Secretary of State shall establish guidelines for the placement of the ballot drop boxes, the security of the ballot drop boxes, and the schedule for ballot pickup from the ballot boxes. aa. Notwithstanding the provisions of section 13 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-13) or any other law to the contrary, a mail-in voter for the November 2020 General Election shall sign the certification affixed to the margin of the flap on the inner envelope of the mail-in ballot notwithstanding the fact the mail-in-voter did not apply for the enclosed ballot. L.2020, c.72, s.2. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate