Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0404a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 4, 2022, NJ Historical Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State REVOLUTION NJ INVITES NEW JERSEYANS TO SUBMIT BEST IDEAS FOR MARKING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. Trenton, NJ – The 250th anniversary of the United States is just four years away, and New Jerseyans are invited to offer their ideas for how the state should commemorate it. Revolution NJ, the official planning organization for the 250th is opening a virtual Suggestion Box to gather the best ideas for commemorating this landmark event. A partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution, Revolution NJ is charged by legislation to plan activities and initiatives to commemorate the last 250 years of New Jersey history, beginning with the transformative events of the American Revolution. Starting on April 4, residents can submit ideas through the online Suggestion box at: https://bit.ly/RevNJSuggestions . “Exploring the past is really much like being a detective,” Historical Commission Executive Director Sara Cureton explained. “There are so many stories from our past that are yet to be examined and fully understood, especially those relating to communities that have been typically underrepresented or ignored. This anniversary provides a unique opportunity to welcome everyone into this exciting process. Investigating the past is an essential tool we all can use to understand ourselves and our world better while working toward the ‘more perfect Union’ previous generations of Americans envisioned.” Revolution NJ’s themes and goals were developed through a multi-year process involving a diverse and inclusive range of contributors, including historians, educators, government officials, civic leaders and other New Jersey residents. A detailed description is available here: https://nj.gov/state/historical/assets/pdf/2021-rnj-strategic-framework.pdf . “While we’ve engaged many New Jerseyans from different communities since starting the planning process in 2018, we’re eager to hear the best ideas the public has to share,” said Crossroads Executive Director Janice Selinger. Do you have an idea for a program, event or activity that should be an official part of Revolution NJ? If so, visit https://bit.ly/RevNJSuggestions . While your idea need not address every theme and goal of the state commemoration, linking to one or more will improve its chances for adoption. Revolution NJ will announce the first batch of officially sponsored programs by July 4, 2022. Created through state legislation in 2018, Revolution NJ is a partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission, a state agency, and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution, Inc. to advance the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in New Jersey. About the New Jersey Historical Commission NJHC is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. About Crossroads of the American Revolution Crossroads of the American Revolution National Heritage Area promotes a greater understanding of Revolutionary-era historical sites and landscapes in New Jersey. Working with partners throughout the state, Crossroads connects the people and places of New Jersey’s rich Revolutionary heritage to inspire community pride, stewardship and civic engagement. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate