Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/puertoricocommission.shtml

NJ DOS - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Welcome to the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission website! New Jersey is committed to contributing to the stabilization of Puerto Rico, so that those who wish to return to their homes on the island will have an opportunity to do so and to find a safe, stable, and sustainable environment in which they can raise a family, educate their children, find gainful employment, and enjoy a level of services similar in quality to those with which New Jersey is blessed. The purpose of the New Jersey-Puerto Rico Commission is to: Advance bilateral trade and investment Initiate joint action on policy issues of mutual interest to New Jersey and Puerto Rico Promote business and academic exchanges between New Jersey and Puerto Rico Support Puerto Rico in its efforts to stabilize its economy Encourage New Jersey companies to invest in Puerto Rico’s infrastructure Address such other issues as determined by the commission pursuant to its purposes. Learn More Current Disaster Information PREPS (English) PREPS (Spanish) Puerto Rico Emergency Portal System (PREPS) is a service that is activated in conjunction with the Emergency Operations Center (COE) during national emergencies, such as Tormenta Ernesto. PREPS provides real-time data on essential services like electricity, water, health, and shelters during atmospheric events and emergencies such as storms, hurricanes, earthquakes, and more. For example, when you visit PREPS, you will see real time updates, such as: Storm location and wind speeds; Amount of people without electricity; Amount of people without water; Open shelters: Aguadilla, Culebra, Guaynabo, Gurabo, Humacao, Maunabo, Vieques; School and Medical Center closings; Pharmacy help center contact information and MORE Municipal Directory - Municipios Directorio This resource is Puerto Rico’s municipal directory search tool, which allows you to select any municipality in Puerto Rico and access contact information for the mayor or local government. It is the Commission’s mission to strengthen New Jersey’s ties with Puerto Rico, so it is vital we ensure Puerto Ricans living in New Jersey, like you, are empowered to communicate with your family and/or their representatives back on the island. This resource will help you stay connected with or at least informed about the situations that our fellow Americans are facing in Puerto Rico. If you have insurance, you should file a claim with your insurance company immediately. FEMA assistance cannot aid with losses already covered by insurance. The Disaster Distress Helpline , 1-800-985-5990 , is a 24/7, 365-day-a-year, national hotline dedicated to providing immediate crisis counseling for people who are experiencing emotional distress related to any natural or human-caused disaster. This toll-free, multilingual, and confidential crisis support service is available to all residents in the United States and its territories. Stress, anxiety, and other depression-like symptoms are common reactions after a disaster. Call or text 1-800-985-5990 to connect with a trained crisis counselor. RED CROSS Apply for Disaster Assistance The fastest way to apply is through DisasterAssistance.gov . You can also apply through the FEMA mobile app or by calling 1-800-621-3362 . If you use a video relay service, captioned telephone service, or other communication services, please provide FEMA the specific number assigned for that service. Learn more about the application process. Hurricane Fiona Information News 11/04/24 - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission NJ Department of State Welcomes Awilda Pomales-Diaz as the new Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced the newest appointment to the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, Awilda Pomales-Diaz will serve as Executive Director. 11/04/24 - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission condemns anti-Puerto Rico remarks Today, the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission joins Governor Phil Murphy with a unified voice to condemn and admonish the anti-Puerto Rican, anti-Latino, and bigoted statements made by Tony Hinchcliffe, on behalf of former President Donald Trump at Madison Square Garden. 02/12/24 Governor Murphy, Lieutenant Governor Way Announce Arianna Mouré as Executive Director of New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Arianna Mouré as the Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. With this appointment, Mouré becomes the first full-time staff member of the Commission. 07/19/23 Puerto Rico Gov. Pedro Pierluisi Gets Rock Star Welcome in Atlantic City by NJ PR Commission Puerto Rican Gov. Pedro Pierluisi received a rock star welcome at the Showboat Resort during a reception by the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission on Thursday afternoon. 03/17/23 U.S. Senate confirms Puerto Rican doctor as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs 02/14/23 Puerto Rican Talent in Super Bowl LVII: Isiah Pacheco & Robert Quinn As Super Bowl LVII looms, just hours away from kickoff with the Kansas City Chiefs and Philadelphia Eagles battling for a Vince Lombardi Trophy in Glendale, Arizona, several headlines have gained steam… 01/03/23 New Congress Deal Will Keep Puerto Rico’s Medicaid Program Funded Members of Congress reached a deal Tuesday to fund Puerto Rico’s Medicaid program in a way that prevents it from running out of federal money by the end of the year and ensures stable funding for the next five years. 09/22/22 Governor Murphy Sends Aid to Puerto Rico in Wake of Devastating Hurricane Fiona Governor Phil Murphy today announced that he has authorized aid to Puerto Rico to assist in recovery efforts caused by Hurricane Fiona. Two waves, each including 74 New Jersey State Troopers and 1 civilian medical doctor, will travel to the island to support the Puerto Rico Police Bureau. Upon arrival, they will deploy to the town of Vega Baja. Trending Puerto Rico Gov. Pedro Pierluisi Gets Rock Star Welcome in Atlantic City by NJ PR Commission Governor Pedro Pierluisi visited New Jersey for the National Governors Association Conference and met with the commission to discuss the status of the island and how the commission can assist the Puerto Ricans in New Jersey and on the island. Below are some images from the event. Read Press Release - View More Photos Resources 02/12/24 Governor Murphy, Lieutenant Governor Way Announce Arianna Mouré as Executive Director of New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Arianna Mouré as the Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission. With this appointment, Mouré becomes the first full-time staff member of the Commission. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate