Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0416.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - DOE - April 16, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State THE REVOLUTION IS GROWING! 100 ORGANIZATIONS HAVE JOINED REVOLUTIONNJ’S PROUD PARTNERS PROGRAM RevolutionNJ is helping New Jersey businesses and organizations get ready for the upcoming commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the United States. TRENTON, NJ – One hundred New Jersey businesses and organizations are officially preparing for America’s Semiquincentennial anniversary through RevolutionNJ’s Proud Partner program. On July 4, 2026, the United States of America will commemorate the 250th anniversary of its founding. RevolutionNJ, the state’s official 250th partnership, invites businesses and organizations from all sectors to participate in this once-in-a-generation commemoration by joining its Proud Partners program. “The upcoming 250th is a unique opportunity for us all to recommit to the revolutionary ideals of liberty, justice, and equality,” said New Jersey Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the New Jersey Historical Commission and its RevolutionNJ work in her capacity as Secretary of State. “In this endeavor, New Jersey’s business and non-profit communities will play a vital role. We hope they will utilize the tools and resources provided by the RevolutionNJ Proud Partner program to prepare for this special moment in our nation’s history and join us in building that ‘more perfect union’ that Americans have striven for since 1776.” “The New Jersey Historical Commission and the non-profit Crossroads of the American Revolution partnered together in 2018 to form RevolutionNJ and prepare New Jersey for America’s 250th.” said Sara Cureton, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission. “Our aim with RevolutionNJ’s Proud Partners program is to create a statewide experience that invites participation from New Jersey businesses and organizations of all sizes and scale.” Launched in 2023, the Proud Partners program has now accepted 100 businesses and organizations from around New Jersey, representing a wide array of sectors including the arts, history, education, consulting, leisure, and more. “2026 will bring thousands of visitors to New Jersey for the FIFA World Cup, the Sail4th 250 flotilla of Tall Ships, and America’s 250th,” said Carrie Fellows, executive director of the non-profit Crossroads of the American Revolution. “Businesses and organizations that join RevolutionNJ’s Proud Partners program are receiving tools, resources, and a statewide network to help them leverage this unique moment for our state.” Organizations that join the Proud Partners program receive official recognition by RevolutionNJ, use of the RevolutionNJ Proud Partners branding kit and events calendar, and access to exclusive networking events and planning resources. This is in addition to the option to participate in cooperative advertising and marketing opportunities. To learn more about RevolutionNJ’s Proud Partners program, visit https://revnj.org/join-us . Keep up with news and updates concerning RevolutionNJ by joining the newsletter and following @revolutionnj on Instagram and facebook.com/revolutionnj. About RevolutionNJ Created through state legislation in 2018, RevolutionNJ is a partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution Association to plan the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate