Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/volunteer-governors-volunteerism-award.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service - New Jersey State Governor's Volunteerism Award Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey State Governor's Volunteerism Awards Announcing the 2024 Honorees Congratulations to the 2024 award recipients! We salute the New Jersey State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Honorees and applaud their exemplary service to the communities they serve. 2024 Governor’s Volunteerism Awards 2023 Governor's Volunteerism Awards DO YOU KNOW A VOLUNTEER WHO MAKES A DIFFERENCE? Honorees of the New Jersey State Governor's Volunteerism Award achieve measurable community impact and represent outstanding acts of public service, without the expectation of recognition or compensations. Recipients demonstrate unique vision, dedication, tenacity of heroic proportion and serve as an inspiration to others. Please nominate a deserving volunteer for this prestigious honor. Nominations are due mid-February. Honorees are recognized at a New Jersey ceremony in the Spring. Visit www.njgovernorsawards.com for more information on the awards! Nomination categories include: Animal Welfare Recognizes individuals whose exemplary volunteer service involving or on behalf of animals and their owners has a positive impact on health and well-being in their community. Community Pillar Recognizes individuals who by the breadth and depth of their service across many categories of volunteerism significantly contribute to their community. Corporate Leadership Recognize corporate entities and businesses that demonstrate social responsibility, set an example, and provide opportunities for employees to engage in volunteer efforts through extraordinary and consistent support of charitable causes. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Champion For Justice Recognize those who continue the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. through their work to promote Dr. King’s message of civil rights, justice for all, peace and non-violence in our communities and our state. This award is a partnership with the New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission. Education Recognizes volunteers who provide academic and/or extracurricular support to others of all ages. Elected Officials Award Recognizes outstanding service done by elected officials beyond the duties of their job description and those encouraging and fostering volunteerism within the communities they serve. Emergency Services/First Responders Recognize volunteer EMTs, police, fire fighters and other emergency service volunteers who ensure public safety and well-being by responding to emergency situations, engaging in community awareness and education, and providing for safer communities. Environmental Stewardship Recognize volunteers who pioneer and promote energy conservation and environmental action to foster a clean, green, sustainable environment and/or those who establish or revitalize conservation practices and public awareness within the local, state, national or global community. Executive Leadership Recognizes company executives who utilize their status to encourage and foster volunteerism within their organization and the larger community. Faith-Based Services Recognize individuals whose volunteer efforts through their commitment to a faith-based organization serve the needs of the broader community. Feed The Hungry/House The Homeless Recognizes individuals whose volunteer efforts address the needs of those striving to meet the basic needs of food and shelter in our community. Founders/Innovators Recognize individuals whose vision and dedication result in the establishment of a new organization to meet unmet needs or improve means of meeting those needs. Good Neighbor Recognize individuals who consistently perform acts of kindness towards neighbors in need and through a series of simple good deeds have made a significant difference in the lives of others. Healthcare Service Recognizes service that supports or is supported by individuals or groups in the healthcare industry. This also includes support given to healthcare workers and organizations. Lifetime Service Recognize individuals whose lifelong commitment to volunteerism has made a measurable impact upon the community. NJ National Service Programs Award Recognizes outstanding community servants who serve as part of National Service programs, such as AmeriCorps, AmeriCorps Seniors, VISTA, Volunteer Generation Fund, etc. Service By/For Armed Service Members/Veterans/Military Recognizes outstanding community servants who serve as part of National Service programs, such as AmeriCorps, AmeriCorps Seniors, VISTA, Volunteer Generation Fund, etc. Service Through STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering And Mathematics) Application of science, technology, engineering and/or mathematics skills and knowledge to develop solutions to problems at the individual, home, school, community, or global level. Increased awareness, financial support, service, and/or advocacy are all examples of “solutions”. Service To Youth Recognize those volunteer activities that directly or indirectly enhance the lives and development of the youth population. Volunteer Program/Group Recognize an outstanding volunteer group or program consisting of 3 or more individuals, ages 19 and over, who coordinate and participate in various volunteer activities to benefit their communities. Volunteer Leadership Recognize individuals who by their example and efforts inspire and recruit others to become actively involved in volunteerism and community service. Youth In Service Recognize young individuals (ages 19 and under) who lead and inspire both peers and adults to participate in volunteer efforts and/or those youth who are dedicated to establishing new or supporting existing community service programs. Youth Volunteer Program/Group Recognize an outstanding volunteer group or program consisting of 3 or more individuals, all ages 19 and under, who coordinate and participate in various volunteer activities to benefit their communities. Nominate a volunteer today! www.njgovernorsawards.com Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate