Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0119.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 19, 2021, NJ BAC Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Most New Jersey Businesses Have Adapted to the Realities of Pandemic, but Need Help in the Coming Months, Survey Finds Businesses Say They Will Need Financial and Technical Support in Months to Come TRENTON – State business owners report they are adapting to the realities of COVID-19, however many say they need additional support from the state and federal governments, including financing and technical assistance, according to an online survey of more than 2,000 state businesses and non-profits. “New Jersey businesses have responded admirably to the hardships caused by the pandemic, but I know many are still hurting,” said Governor Phil Murphy. “Through our newly passed economic recovery package, we have $50 million in additional aid for small businesses we are preparing to deploy to help those in need, and we stand ready to offer technical and logistical assistance to ensure that those needs are met as well.” The survey, conducted by the Heldrich Center for Workforce Development at Rutgers University and sponsored by the New Jersey Small Business Development Center (NJSBDC), was conducted in November to examine how businesses have revised operations during the COVID-19 pandemic to conduct business, serve customers, and support employees. The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), part of the New Jersey Department of State, partially funds the NJSBDC and helped distribute the survey to businesses across the state. The NJBAC provides businesses with critical technical and logistical assistance and one-on-one support through the live chat at Business.NJ.gov and the Business Helpline 1- 800-JERSEY-7. Secretary of State Tahesha Way said the survey demonstrates the importance of the partnership between the New Jersey Business Action Center and the NJSBDC, which supports both existing businesses and New Jerseyans interested in starting new businesses in these challenging times. "Since COVID-19 upended our lives, the New Jersey Business Action Center has helped some 59,000 businesses find the information they need related to everything from financing and grant opportunities to understanding how to operate in this new environment," Secretary Way said. "The center's team of experts works each day to help businesses adjust and overcome the challenges before them, helping them to find innovative ways to not only survive, but to thrive." Secretary Way added, "The two offices work together with the goal of finding the right mix of tools and resources to aid New Jersey businesses." Business and non-profit organizations report that they are taking the necessary steps to ensure the safety of customers and workers and increasing the use of digital technologies to conduct business. Survey respondents are interested in obtaining technical assistance to improve social media and online marketing in the coming months. Many have already or plan to increase digital operations in the next three to six months. A large majority of business owners report they have instituted safety requirements such as mandatory mask wearing for staff and patrons, frequent cleaning and capacity limits. Uncertainty about the future remains a major challenge for nine in 10 businesses and organizations. The research project was led by Dr. Carl Van Horn, Distinguished Professor and Director of the Heldrich Center, and Jessica Starace, Research Associate. “Small businesses benefited from the financial support provided by federal and state government programs, but many still need technical assistance to transition to digital marketing and service delivery,” Professor Van Horn said. “The New Jersey Economic Development Authority and the NJ Small Business Development Center are the organizations that businesses will most likely turn to for help.” To date the New Jersey Economic Development Authority has helped more than 55,000 businesses statewide through various grant, loan and assistance programs. Other key findings in the survey include: 9 in 10 (92%) customer-facing businesses are very or somewhat confident that they can satisfy their customers with their goods or services. 8 in 10 (83%) survey respondents say they expect to lose significant revenue or non-profit funding in the next three to six months. 6 in 10 (67%) received financial assistance from the federal Paycheck Protection Program (PPP). 5 in 10 (47%) received NJEDA grants or loans. 5 in 10 (49%) are looking for assistance with social media or online marketing. 4 in 10 (39%) have increased their use of online platforms to offer goods or services since the beginning of the pandemic. *The non-probability, online survey, conducted in English and Spanish, was administered between November 4 and December 1. It was distributed via government agencies, industry and chamber associations, and social media channels. Respondents were distributed across Northern, Central, and Southern New Jersey. Over 700 of the businesses responding are owned by women; 400 are minority-owned. Most respondent businesses employ less than 10 workers, and vary across all sectors of the state’s economy. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate