Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-volunteerism.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Governor's Office of Volunteerism Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Governor's Office of Volunteerism Executive Order #99 Governor Christine Todd Whitman Establishes Governor's Office of Volunteerism in the Department of State. Abolishes Governor's Office of Volunteerism in Dept. of Human Services WHEREAS , the State has a continuing obligation to promote volunteerism by serving as an advocate and catalyst for New Jersey's volunteer and community service organizations; and WHEREAS , the volunteers and community service organizations which serve as vital resources to local communities often go untapped by government agencies; and WHEREAS , the State must become more flexible in its ability to coordinate volunteer activities in order to better respond to the changing and diverse needs of its citizens; and WHEREAS , the State will foster the growth of volunteer efforts by integrating and coordinating its extensive volunteer and community service resources with the network of cultural, educational and historical programs which are currently administered within the Department of State; NOW, THEREFORE, I, CHRISTINE TODD WHITMAN , Governor of the State of New Jersey, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and by the Statutes of this State, do hereby ORDER and DIRECT : 1. There is hereby established a Governor's Office of Volunteerism in the Department of State. 2. The Governor's Office of Volunteerism currently in the Department of Human Services is abolished and all of its functions, powers, duties and responsibilities, except as herein otherwise provided, are continued in the Governor's Office of Volunteerism established under this Executive Order. 3. All appropriations and other moneys available and to become available to the Governor's Office of Volunteerism abolished under this Executive Order are hereby continued in the Governor's Office of Volunteerism established under this Executive Order, and shall be available for the objects and purposes for which appropriated, subject to any terms or conditions of such appropriations. 4. Employees of the Governor's Office of Volunteerism abolished under this Executive Order shall become employees of the Governor's Office of Volunteerism established under this Executive Order, and shall retain their present employment status under Title 11A and their collective negotiations status. 5. The Governor's Office of Volunteerism established under this Executive Order shall be managed by a Director, who shall be appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Secretary of State. 6. All agencies of the State government are directed to cooperate fully with the Governor's Office of Volunteerism established under this Executive Order to promote and coordinate appropriate volunteer opportunities. 7. This Order shall take effect immediately. GIVEN , under my hand and seal this 30th day of August in the Year of Our Lord, One Thousand Nine Hundred and Ninety Nine, and of the Independence of the United States,the Two Hundred and Twenty-Fourth. /s/ Christine Todd Whitman Governor Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate