Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0715.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 15, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Jasaun Boone Departs as DOS Chief of Staff Corey Wolkenberg will assume the role TRENTON, NJ – Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Department of State Chief of Staff Jasaun “Jay” Boone’s departure. Corey Wolkenberg has been promoted and will serve as the Chief of Staff, effective Monday, July 15th. “Since January 2018, Jay has led the Department through numerous challenges and milestones demonstrating an unwavering commitment to serving the people of New Jersey. I am deeply grateful for his years of service,” said Lieutenant Governor Way. During Boone’s tenure, he oversaw the New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), and its Office of Export Promotion, which recently was awarded The President’s “E Star” Award for Export Service, the highest honor to organizations that serve exporters. Additionally, Boone helped spearhead the Department’s Division of Travel & Tourism’s VisitNJ.org and ‘Lotta Wow’ marketing campaign, as visitation volume and total expenditures within the 2023 tourism cycle surpassed 2019 pre-pandemic levels, propelling visitor spending to $49.1 billion. “Serving as Chief of Staff has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my professional career,” said Jasaun Boone. “It’s been a delightful six and a half years serving in my capacity, and I commend Lieutenant Governor Way for now passing the baton to Corey. I have full confidence in his ability to excel in his new role.” Jay Boone departs the Department to pursue a new professional opportunity. With a robust background in legislative affairs and leadership, Corey Wolkenberg brings a wealth of experience to this critical role. Wolkenberg has served the Department for more than 5 years, beginning as Director of Legislative Affairs in March 2019, before his promotion to Deputy Chief of Staff in June 2021. Since his arrival, he has closely collaborated with senior leadership, supported the work of different Divisions, and developed and implemented policies that help make New Jersey a better place to live, work, and explore. “Corey’s commitment to fostering collaboration and communication makes him the ideal leader for stepping into this new position. I look forward to working closely with him to advance the Department’s mission,” stated Lieutenant Governor Way. Before joining the Department, Corey was a Legislative Aide for Assemblyman Mukherji in February 2015, moving up to Legislative Director in January 2017 and eventually becoming his Chief of Staff in January 2018. “I am deeply grateful for Jay’s confidence in me and thank Lieutenant Governor Way for entrusting me with this role,” said Corey Wolkenberg. “I look forward to what we’ll accomplish together over these next 18 months.” Corey Wolkenberg holds a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Arizona. Wolkenberg’s headshot is included below. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate