Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-1029.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 29, 2021, Israel Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey–Israel Commission Welcomes ARC Sheba to New Jersey at Liberty Science Center’s SciTech Scity Israel’s Largest Medical Center Announces it will Open an Innovation Facility in Jersey City Focused on the Future of Patient Care Trenton, N.J. (October 29, 2021) – The New Jersey-Israel Commission applauds Sheba Medical Center and welcomes its ARC Center to New Jersey. The announcement of the ARC was made at the groundbreaking of Liberty Science Center’s SciTech Scity on October 22, 2021, at which Sheba signed a memorandum of understanding that ARC will become an initial tenant of this 30-acre innovation campus in Jersey City. SciTech Scity will launch and grow cutting edge science and technology companies, in addition to creating a new public high school focused on science education. Sheba’s ARC Center, which stands for “Accelerate, Redesign, Collaborate,” gives Israeli digital healthcare startups the opportunity to collaborate with hospital staff and physicians to pinpoint unfulfilled clinical needs and develop effective solutions. ARC will launch a simulation space at SciTech Scity known as Liberty ARC HealthSpace2030 that will focus on advances in digital health and home healthcare, employing a host of new technologies that will help spur the next generation in patient care. This facility will also connect with New Jersey’s renowned life sciences industry, helping to grow the state’s medical and innovation ecosystems in partnership with Israeli expertise. ARC Sheba at SciTech Scity continues the trend of New Jersey-Israel partnerships creating prosperity and advances to our region while connecting the two states across STEM initiatives that will define the future for generations to come. The New Jersey-Israel Commission looks forward to working with Sheba Medical Center, Liberty Science Center and related partners as this critical project continues. “Israel is the ‘start-up nation’ of the Middle East and the advances in science and technology that have emanated from some of the new companies there, as well the new research that has been conducted in the country have already had a profound impact on people’s lives,” said Paul Hoffman, President and CEO of Liberty Science Center . “So we are proud and honored that Sheba has chosen to build its ARC at SciTech Scity because our goals are the same, mutually beneficial, and similarly far-reaching – to transform humanity for the better.” “Sheba Medical Center is honored to join Scitech Scity through our global innovation program ARC,” said Dr. Eyal Zimlichman, Chief Medical Officer and Chief Innovation Officer at Sheba Medical Center . “As we strive to transform healthcare through digital health we look forward to this partnership that will bring the best innovation out of both New Jersey and Israel. This partnership will not only bring economic growth but hopefully also better health to the residents of New Jersey.” Ambassador Asaf Zamir, Consul General of Israel in New York , said, “We are proud to have Israeli technology in New Jersey and to continue this meaningful partnership, one that is determined to improve people’s lives. To see Sheba Medical Center bring their ARC Center to Liberty Science Center’s SciTech Scity exemplifies how the relationship between our two great nations works together to enhance health, academia, culture and more.” “While we often talk about the strategic nature of New Jersey’s relationship with Israel, today we are seeing it in action,” said Mark S. Levenson and Karin Elkis, Co-Chairs of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “We send our congratulations to Sheba Medical Center and Liberty Science Center for bringing to fruition this incredible opportunity that will bridge New Jersey and Israeli innovation to change lives.” “This announcement is another example of how New Jersey continues to lead in attracting game changing Israeli partnerships and companies to our state,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “I look forward to seeing ARC at Liberty Science Center as we redefine patient care and demonstrate again how our relationship with the State of Israel is building a brighter future.” About Liberty Science Center Liberty Science Center (LSC.org) is a 300,000-square-foot, not-for-profit learning center located in Liberty State Park on the Jersey City bank of the Hudson near the Statue of Liberty. Dedicated to inspiring the next generation of scientists and engineers and bringing the power, promise, and pure fun of science and technology to learners of all ages, Liberty Science Center houses the largest planetarium in the Western Hemisphere, 12 museum exhibition halls, a live animal collection with 110 species, giant aquariums, a 3D theater, live simulcast surgeries, a tornado-force wind simulator, K-12 classrooms and labs, and teacher-development programs. Before Covid, more than 250,000 students visited the Science Center each year, and tens of thousands more participated in the Center’s off-site and online programs. Welcoming more than 750,000 visitors annually, LSC is the largest interactive science center in the NYC-NJ metropolitan area. About Sheba Medical Center The largest and most comprehensive medical center in the Middle East, Sheba Medical Center, Tel Hashomer is generating global impact through its medical care, research and healthcare transformation. Sheba’s City of Health boasts an acute-care hospital, rehabilitation hospital, research and innovation hubs, medical simulation center and center for disaster response on one comprehensive campus in the center of Israel. A university teaching hospital affiliated with the Sackler School of Medicine at Tel-Aviv University, Sheba is shaping the future of healthcare, educating the next generation of care providers. Sheba serves as a true hospital without borders, welcoming patients and healthcare professionals from all over the world and consistently providing the highest-level medical care to all in need. Sheba has been ranked a Top 10 hospital in the world by Newsweek three years in a row (2019, 2020, 2021). About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. nj.gov/state/njic.shtml Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate