Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2012-1102.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - November 2, 2012 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Business Leaders Comment On Atlantic City Reopening Iconic Boardwalk Largely Unaffected By Sandy TRENTON, NJ – Atlantic City business leaders announced today on the boardwalk that casinos and related businesses can reopen to the public Friday, November 2nd, after closure Sunday, Oct. 28th, due to the impact of Hurricane Sandy. “We want to thank Governor Christie, the state officials, public safety personnel and the emergency management teams who have put Atlantic City into the position to open the city in the most positive way,” said John Palmieri, Executive Director, Casino Reinvestment Development Authority. “Today's opening is more symbolic than about business,” said Tony Rodio, President of the Casino Association of New Jersey. “For the 40,000 employees at our 12 casinos and for the thousands of businesses that provide services to our properties, we must open quickly to restart our economic revival for Atlantic City. Today, we gathered on our famed Boardwalk to begin this process and to debunk the idea created by some media that our Boardwalk was destroyed. We are thankful that our Boardwalk survived intact and our hearts and prayers go out to our neighbors and our friends who are also beginning their road to recovery.” “The speed with which our partners were able to prepare to reopen their doors is a testament to the resilience of our state, and our nation in the face of a disaster of this scale,” said Liza Cartmell, President of the Atlantic City Alliance. “As we recover, our hearts go out to all those who have suffered the storm’s destructive effects. Atlantic City will continue to be an important economic partner as we move forward, anchoring and creating new jobs while also maintaining its special place in the New Jersey landscape.” Palmieri, Rodio and Cartmell spoke at the press conference held on the boardwalk this afternoon. Reports indicating large-scale damage to the boardwalk are inaccurate. The iconic Atlantic City boardwalk is intact except for a one to two block extension in the eastern inlet area, which does not front any of the casinos and was previously closed to pedestrian traffic. This small section is located in a residential section of Atlantic City, not along the promenade that visitors associate with the resort community. Transportation access into Atlantic City via major roadways – the Atlantic City Expressway, Route 40, and Route 30 – has fully resumed, clearing the way for the public. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate