Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-count-commission.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - New Jersey Complete Count Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules New Jersey Complete Count Commission P.L. 2018, c115 An Act establishing the “New Jersey Complete Count Commission.” Be It Enacted by the Senate and General Assembly of the State of New Jersey: This act shall be known and may be cited as the “New Jersey Complete Count Commission Act.” a. There is created in, but not of, the Department of State, the “New Jersey Complete Count Commission.” b. The commission shall consist of 27 members as follows: (1) the President of the Senate, or a designee; (2) the Speaker of the General Assembly, or a designee; (3) the Minority Leader of the Senate, or a designee; (4) the Minority Leader of the General Assembly, or a designee; (5) two members of the New Jersey Legislative Latino Caucus, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and one of whom shall be a member of the General Assembly, to be appointed by the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the General Assembly, respectively, at the recommendation of the caucus chairperson; (6) two members of the New Jersey Legislative Black Caucus, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and one of whom shall be a member of the General Assembly, to be appointed by the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the General Assembly, respectively, at the recommendation of the caucus chairperson; (7) the Governor, or a designee; (8) the Secretary of State, or a designee; (9) the Commissioner of the Department of Labor and Workforce Development, or a designee; (10) three individuals representing municipalities in this State, reflecting the geographic diversity of the State, appointed by the Secretary of State; (11) four individuals representing counties in this State, reflecting the geographic diversity of the State, appointed by the Governor; (12) one representative each from four different organizations representing the interests of minorities in the State, appointed by the Secretary of State; (13) one representative each from three different organizations representing the interests of business in the State, including one organization representing minority business interests, appointed by the Governor; and (14) two individuals representing community-based, philanthropic, non-profit, educational, civic, and faith-based organizations, appointed by the Secretary of State. c. No more than 14 of the members appointed to the commission shall be of the same political party, as determined by the member’s political party affiliation during the one year preceding the member’s appointment to the commission. All appointments to the commission shall be made within 30 days after the date of enactment of this act, P.L.2018, c.115. Vacancies in the membership of the commission shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointments were made. Members of the commission shall serve without compensation but shall be entitled to reimbursement for their actual and necessary expenses incurred in the performance of their duties, within the limits of funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the commission for its purposes. The commission shall organize within 30 days after the appointment of its members. The Secretary of State shall serve as chairperson of the commission. The commission shall select a vice chairperson from among its members. The commission may also appoint a secretary, a director, and an assistant director, who need not be a member of the commission. The director and assistant director may be compensated from funds made available to the commission for this purpose. The commission shall meet at the call of the chairperson, or upon the request of any 14 members of the commission, who shall constitute a quorum. The Department of State shall provide the staff services necessary to support the functions of the commission. The commission shall be entitled to call to its assistance and avail itself of the services of the employees of any other State department, board, bureau, commission or agency, as it may require and as may be available to it for its purposes. It shall be the duty of the commission to develop, recommend, and assist in the administration of a census outreach strategy to encourage full participation in the 2020 federal decennial census of population required by Section 141 of Title 13 of the United States Code. The census outreach strategy shall be designed to ensure an accurate and complete count of New Jersey’s population and shall include, but not be limited to, the following: a. State agency initiatives to encourage participation in the 2020 Census; b. the establishment and support of school-based outreach programs; c. partnerships with non-profit community-based organizations; d. a multi-lingual and multi-cultural multi-media campaign with information that may be widely disseminated through print, audio, television, the Internet, and social media in this State among all of its diverse populations and communities on the importance of completing the 2020 Census survey and the resources available to do so; e. at least three public hearings, one each in the Northern, Central, and Southern portions of the State, to receive testimony from the public, elected officials, experts, and others on ways to ensure a full 2020 Census count of the population in this State; and f. ensuring that hard-to-count populations, such as African Americans, Hispanics or Latinos, Asian Americans, non-native English speakers, persons who are indigent, persons who are homeless, college students, children under five years of age, men ages 18-49, the elderly, persons displaced by natural disasters, persons who are incarcerated, and members of the LGBTQ community are counted, and that immigrant populations in this State understand the confidentiality of the census survey and the importance of completing the 2020 Census regardless of citizenship status. To assist in carrying out its duties, the commission may create and appoint subcommittees as it deems appropriate and shall solicit participation from relevant experts and practitioners involved in census issues. The outreach strategy of the New Jersey Complete Count Commission shall be coordinated through the Office of the Secretary of State, which shall provide administrative support to the commission and coordinate with all State agencies and constitutional officers, as well as units of local government, to identify effective methods of outreach to New Jersey’s population and to provide resources to ensure the outreach program is successful and that all New Jersey residents are counted. All State agencies shall inform the Office of the Secretary of State of their designated census coordinator and cooperate with the commission and provide support to the commission. For the purposes of this section, “State agencies” means any executive agency or department directly responsible to the Governor. Other entities of government, including other constitutional officers, the offices of the legislative and judicial branches, and units of local government shall cooperate and provide all reasonable assistance to the commission. The commission shall submit an interim report to the Governor, and to the Legislature pursuant to section 2 of P.L.1991, c.164 (C.52:14-19.1), within six months of its organizational meeting, containing its recommended outreach strategy to encourage full participation and to avoid an undercount in the 2020 Census. Thereafter, the commission shall submit its final report to the Governor and to the Legislature no later than June 30, 2019, specifying its recommended outreach strategy for implementation for the 2020 Census. The commission shall expire on January 1, 2020. This act shall take effect immediately, and shall expire on January 1, 2020. Approved August 24, 2018. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate