Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njsca/dos_njsca_grants-artists.html

New Jersey State Council on the Arts Governor Phil Murphy and Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Military Task Force Report Grant Information Employment Opportunities Flag Status Pay-to-Play Ordinances Commemorative Dates Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Public Notices Proposed Rules Press Releases Reports e-Notification Lists In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Business/Economic Dev Business Action Center Business Advocates Small Business Advocates Export Assistance Planning Advocates Travel & Tourism Motion Picture and Television Commission Non-Profit Portal Arts/History/Cultural Programs Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism Commission on National & Community Service Cultural Trust Historical Commission Office of Faith Based Initiatives State Archives Council on the Arts State Museum War Memorial - Patriots Theater Cultural Heritage Commissions Commission on American Indian Affairs Israel Commission Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional Cultural Heritage Commissions Division of Elections New Jersey State Council on the Arts About the Arts Council Grant Opportunities For Organizations For Artists For Arts Education For Community Arts Programs Manage Your Award Programs & Initiatives Meetings & Events Benefits of the Arts Resources Publications Contact The NJ State Council on the Arts Mailing Address: NJ State Council on the Arts P.O. Box 306 Trenton, NJ 08625-0306 Office Address: 225 West State Street, 4th Floor Trenton, NJ 08608 Tel: (609) 292-6130 NJ Relay: 711 Email: Feedback@sos.nj.gov Arts Council Home > Grant Opportunities > Grant Opportunities for Artists Grant Opportunities for Artists To stay informed about future grant opportunities, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . If you have questions about these programs, please contact Council staff . The nearly 50,000 professional artists who call New Jersey home form the very heart of the cultural community of this state. And this is just the tip of the iceberg when one considers the thousands more for whom artistic creation, performance and interpretation are a vocational, cultural, religious or recreational interest of the highest personal and community priority. Artists are the creative capital of our communities and this is why it is the Arts Council's goal to promote them, encourage them, assist them to achieve their highest ambitions and help a wider public understand and appreciate all that artists do to make New Jersey a better place. The Council supports artists in several important ways, through a wide array of programs and services that recognizes, encourages and showcases their talents. In turn, such recognition brings their work to the attention of organizations and communities everywhere to embrace and support this remarkable "creative capital" that helps make New Jersey great. Individual Artist Fellowship Awards The 2025 New Jersey State Council on the Arts Individual Artist Fellowship rules and instructions, and application, are now available. State Fellowships are awarded to practicing New Jersey artists through an anonymous, competitive application process to help them pursue their artistic goals.The application submission, review, and post-award process for the Individual Artist Fellowships is administered by Mid Atlantic Arts in partnership with the New Jersey State Council on the Arts. The categories for the 2025 NJ Individual Artist Fellowship are: Choreography Crafts Music Composition Photography Playwriting/Screenwriting Poetry Sculpture Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . Individual Artist Fellowship rules, instructions and application . This Year's Council Grantees Folk & Traditional Arts Project Grants The Folk & Traditional Arts Project (FTAP) grant program provides emerging to mid-career folk and traditional artists access to opportunities that significantly advance skills in their art form. For this grant opportunity, emerging to mid-career artists are individuals with more than five years of experience in their art forms. Applicants may request up to $10,000 to cover the costs of a structured learning opportunity in their art form. Proposed projects must demonstrate measurable outcomes that the applicant intends to achieve, which furthers their work in their folk and traditional art form. The proposed project outcome must support artmaking skills in folk/traditional art forms that are passed on between two or more artists in an ongoing, structured relationship (i.e. mentor/apprentice, small group learning, and/or directed research). Folk & Traditional Arts Project FY25 Guidelines – English Folk & Traditional Arts Project FY25 Guidelines – Spanish Folk & Traditional Arts Projects FY25 Notice of Intent to Apply Form (NOI) Folk & Traditional Arts Projects FY25 NOI Instructions – English Folk & Traditional Arts Projects FY25 NOI Instructions – Spanish Folk & Traditional Arts Projects FY25 NOI Rubric – English Folk & Traditional Arts Projects FY25 NOI Rubric – Spanish Folk & Traditional Arts Projects FY25 Special Guidance – English Folk & Traditional Arts Projects FY25 Special Guidance – Spanish Technical Assistance Schedule Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . New Jersey Heritage Fellowship The New Jersey State Council on the Arts will award up to ten New Jersey Heritage Fellowships to exemplary folk and traditional artists. These Fellowships, which come with an award of $20,000 each, recognize lifetime achievement, artistic excellence, and contributions to our state's living traditional arts heritage. Early Nomination Deadline : January 9, 2025 | 12:00 PM ET Nomination Deadline : February 6, 2025 | 12:00 PM ET New Jersey Heritage Fellowship Nomination Form NJ Heritage Fellowship Rules and Instructions (English) NJ Heritage Fellowship Rules and Instructions (Spanish) Online and In-person information sessions are available November 2024 - January 2025. See Rules and Instructions for dates. Sessions are free, but registration is required. Clement A. Price Arts Management Intern Program Please note: The Price Arts Management Intern program is not accepting applications at this time. For updates on when the program will reopen applications, please subscribe to the Council’s Opportunities for the Field Newsletter . This program is named in honor of Dr. Clement Alexander Price (1945-2014), former Council Chair, beloved friend of the arts community and an unparalleled force of knowledge, humanitarianism and leadership. Administered as a cosponsored program, the objectives of the program are as follows: to provide practical experience to undergraduate and graduate students, as well as other applicants who intend to pursue careers in arts-related professions; to provide an opportunity to learn about and contribute to State Arts Council operations, grants and programs, communications and artist services; to provide New Jersey arts organizations with a potential pool of promising future arts administrators For more information please contact Samantha Clarke at 609-984-7019 or Samantha.Clarke@sos.nj.gov Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | Accessibility Statement Department: Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2001- 2025 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate