Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/archives/reference.html

New Jersey Department of State Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Secretary of State Grant Information Pay-to-Play Ordinances Will Registry Certified Civil Celebrants Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Press Releases Proposed Rules Public Notices Reports e-Notification Lists Business Information NJ Business Portal Non-Profit Portal Business Action Center NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Office of Business Advocacy Office for Planning Advocacy Red-Tape Commission NJ-Israel Commission Divisions/Agencies Business Action Center NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Office of Business Advocacy Office for Planning Advocacy Red-Tape Commission NJ-Israel Commission Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism NJ Commission on National & Community Service NJ Cultural Heritage Commissions NJ Commission on American Indian Affairs NJ-Israel Commission NJ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional NJ Cultural Heritage Commissions NJ Cultural Trust NJ Division of Elections NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Historical Commission NJ Office of Faith Based Initiatives NJ State Archives NJ State Council on the Arts NJ State Museum Patriots Theater at the War Memorial In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Travel & Tourism New Jersey State Archives Planning Your Visit Search the Collections Repro Services Collection Management Documentary Treasures Special Projects and Commemorations State Historical Records Advisory Board New Jersey State Archives 225 West State Street-Level 2 P.O. Box 307 Trenton, NJ 08625-0307 Contact Information Email: Feedback@sos.state.nj.us DOS Home > New Jersey State Archives > Repro Services Repro Services The State Archives offers several alternatives allowing you to obtain reproductions of our materials. Please note that repro options are always dependent upon and determined by the condition of the item. Fragile items in need of conservation or available on microfilm might not be reproducible in their original form. Consult our Guide to Reproduction and Research Services, Policies and Fees [PDF] for general information about our policies and fees. Mail Reference Researchers can order photocopies of documents through the mail from a wide range of collections. This is done through our Search the Collections page. The Archives will provide the best photocopy available. We cannot guarantee image quality (due to the condition of the originals and the fact that most copying must be done from microfilm), nor refund photocopy and search fees. Microfilm for Sale The State Archives, from time to time, opts to publish groups of records on microfilm. Microfilm sets currently for sale include family history resources, revolutionary war documents, records of industry and labor (including Morris Canal records), and newspapers. Our publication of these materials in no way compromises or relinquishes the State Archives’ inherent copyright to the images of public records contained therein, or their status as government documents under the Open Public Records Act, New Jersey Statutes Title 47, and State Archives policy. All microfilm sales are for research purposes only. Purchase of these films does not entitle the buyer to publish or reproduce the images, online or otherwise, without express written permission from the State Archives. Duplicates reels will be produced on diazo film. Newspapers Morris Canal records General microfilm Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | AccessibilityStatement Department: Office of the Lt. Governor | Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2011 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate