Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/volunteer-spotlight-jack-virgo.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service - Youth Volunteer Spotlight! Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Jack Virgo - Youth Volunteer Spotlight! Jack Virgo Youth Volunteer Spotlight! November 2022 Those who have had the pleasure of meeting Jack can immediately recognize he embodies the idea of “service above self”. He is a young man who believes that a community can only thrive if the people are thriving and with deep gratitude for the kindness he’s been shown, does for others with no expectation of recognition or celebration. When he was 11 years old, Jack established an annual tradition called the "25 Days of Kindness" in which he identifies individuals and selects organizations making an impact in his community and contributes by volunteering his time and making both direct and in-kind donations. Each year Jack’s following and engagement grew and now others have started to join and start their own traditions. These “acts” have varied from providing breakfast for essential workers, making gifts for and visiting with the elderly, handing out hats and gloves for those in need, donating hygiene products to schools for young students, shoveling snow for differently abled neighbors, collecting books to promote literacy, feeding the hungry, selling bracelets for mental health awareness and encouraging others to donate blood, all chronicled on his Instagram @itsyaboijack, and all using funds he raises by selling personal possessions and saving allowances throughout the year. Even at his very young age, Jack’s impact has been immense. He’s inspired others to be mindful of how they conduct themselves and encouraged people to care about their communities. If Jack feels that there is an injustice in the world, he gets to work. You can often find him at a rally advocating for civil rights, equal pay for women or for climate change action. If Jack hears that someone is in need, his immediate response is “how can I help?” Throughout the year, you can also find him knocking on doors with canvassing teams asking people to register to vote and writing letters to the editor detailing his perspective on issues that he cares about at the municipal level. Jack is the kind of person we should all aspire to be! Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate