Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/about-us/success-stories/lund-fishery.shtml

Jeff Reichle at Cape May County-based Lund’s Fisheries Skip to Content New Jersey Business Action Center Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close Department of State New Jersey Business Action Center The Hon. Tahesha Way, Secretary of State Chat with us or call us at 1-800-Jersey-7 Jeff Reichle at Cape May County-based Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. “There’s a big disconnect in our state,” said Jeff Reichle, chairman of Cape May County-based Lund’s Fisheries. “They don’t realize the magnitude of the fishing industry in New Jersey.” According to the Garden State Seafood Association, four of the top six commercial fishing ports in the Mid-Atlantic are found in New Jersey. Scot Mackey, executive director of the Garden State Seafood Association, said the New Jersey fishing industry sees $2.1 billion in sales each year. The fishing Industry here is concentrated at five major coastal ports - Belford, Point Pleasant, Barnegat Light, Atlantic City, and Cape May/Wildwood. An additional port is along the Delaware Bay at Port Norris, Cumberland County. Together the ports harvest a wide range of finfish and shellfish including scallops, monkfish, shortfin and longfin squid, mackerel, tuna, swordfish, black sea bass, summer flounder, Atlantic surf clams, and ocean quahogs. The association statistics show that In 2018 the port of Cape May/Wildwood, which is the largest commercial fishing port in New Jersey, landed 101 million pounds of seafood worth $66 million. This port ranked 14th in pounds landed and 10th in value for all ports in the United States and, in the northeast (Maine to Virginia), New Jersey ranked second in pounds harvested. The numbers are impressive. A total of 190,500,000 pounds of finfish and shellfish were landed by New Jersey’s commercial fishermen in 2018 with a landed value of $170,261,0001. So why don’t many New Jerseyans know that the seafood on their plates comes from the state’s own fishing industry? “We’ve never felt the need to and haven’t done a good job of promoting ourselves,” Reichle said. Reichle recalled getting into the industry in 1974. He later started his business and today his son is the company president and his daughter works at the company’s commercial cold storage facility in Bridgeton. “It’s a very unique industry. Forty seven years in this business and fishermen never fail to amaze me,” Reichle said. Resources Workforce Development Visit Business.NJ.gov Connect With us Call Our Business Helpline 1-800-Jersey-7 (1-800-537-7397) Request a Meeting With Us Success Stories Previous Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Next View All Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate