Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0915.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 15, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State ‘Goodnight Mommy’ Premieres September 16 Horror movie filmed in Somerset County NEWARK, N.J. – The upcoming thriller Goodnight Mommy with Naomi Watts was filmed entirely at a house in Bedminster. The movie, a remake of the 2014 Austrian movie of the same name, follows twin brothers who arrive at their mother’s country home and begin to suspect that something isn’t right. This Animal Kingdom production is directed by Matt Sobel and written by Kyle Warren. Joshua Astrachan, Nicolas Brigaud-Robert, V.J. Guibal, and David Kaplan serve as producers with Watts as executive producer. The movie will be released September 16th on Amazon Prime. Goodnight Mommy stars twin brothers Cameron and Nicholas Crovetti (Big Little Lies), Peter Hermann (Blue Bloods), Jeremy Bobb (The Outsider), and Crystal Lucas-Perry (The Last O.G.). Somerset County has welcomed other projects to its area, including Steven King’s Apple TV+ series Lisey’s Story, filmed at the historic Van Liew-Suydam House in Franklin Township in 2019. In 2021, the Somerset County Film Commission was created to market the county’s landscapes and diverse communities and attract film production. The effort has yielded immediate results as the Yale productions movie “Bucky Dent,” written, directed and starring David Duchovny, is now shooting in Franklin Twp., Bridgewater, Dunellen and other nearby locations. “Motion picture and television production continues to spread throughout the state,” according to Steven Gorelick, Executive Director of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission . “We are delighted that producers and directors are now discovering the many beautiful and diverse locations that Somerset County has to offer. “Goodnight Mommy is one of many productions filmed in New Jersey over the past year, illustrating our ability to attract a variety of projects and grow our film and television industry,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “These projects generated in excess of $500 million for the state economy in 2021 alone.” The production company, Animal Kingdom, spent more than $11 million in New Jersey for labor, goods and services. Other projects recently filmed in the state include Universal Pictures’ Bros, the Apple TV+ feature The Greatest Beer Run Ever and Paramount Pictures’ Smile, all set to be released on September 30th. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate