Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0612.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 12, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey-Israel Commission Celebrates Israel’s 75th Anniversary in Historic State House Ceremony The event welcomed the Acting Consul General of Israel to Trenton alongside remarks by the Governor and Secretary of State Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey-Israel Commission celebrated 75 years of the State of Israel and United States-Israel relations on June 7 in a historic ceremony in the State House in Trenton. Remarks were delivered by the leadership of the Commission in addition to New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy, Israeli Acting Consul General Israel Nitzan, Assemblyman Gary Schaer, and Secretary of State Tahesha Way, who administers the New Jersey-Israel Commission. The event was held in the presence of Jewish community leaders and dignitaries across the state and discussed the importance of the key relationship. Since the start of the Murphy Administration, New Jersey’s relationship with Israel has expanded rapidly including strong economic growth, cultural programs, academic relations, tourism outreach and beyond. “For three-quarters of a century, our two nations have flourished together under our unwavering partnership. Nowhere is that more apparent than in New Jersey, the proud home of one of the country’s largest Jewish and Israeli populations,” said Governor Phil Murphy . “With the help of the New Jersey-Israel Commission, our relationship has grown significantly in recent years on every front – economically, culturally, academically, and beyond. Together, we are building the future, and I look forward to strengthening our bonds with Israel for generations to come.” “I have seen firsthand how the New Jersey-Israel relationship has brought together communities and built bridges that have allowed the richness, beauty and innovation of Israel to touch lives across this great state.,” New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “I am honored to join so many leaders in on our country and around the world celebrating Israel as it marks this incredible achievement.” The ceremony, which took place inside the Capitol Rotunda, paid tribute to the special and historic relationship between Israel and the United States, highlighting the State of New Jersey relationship, which spans across economic, academic, cultural, scientific, and a wide range of other relations. During the program, which featured a New Jersey State Police Color Guard presentation and the singing of Israel’s national anthem, a plaque on behalf of the State of New Jersey was presented to the Acting Consul General to commemorate the occasion. “The Israel-New Jersey relationship has grown and flourished in recent years by positively impacting our economy, academic research, culture and more,” said Acting Consul General Israel Nitzan of the Consulate General of Israel in New York . “I thank Governor Phil Murphy for making the advancement of this relationship a priority, and extend my gratitude to Secretary of State Tahesha Way for hosting this meaningful event. Together, we have achieved remarkable progress over the last 75 years and I look forward to a prosperous future for Israel and New Jersey.” “The New Jersey-Israel partnership is built on shared common values and not only the incredible economic growth we are seeing between us,” said Karin Elkis, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “Today we reaffirm our commitment to a strong and robust relationship with Israel as we move into the next 75 years of friendship between our communities.” “Over the years we have watched Israel flourish from a fledgling country to become a light unto the nations,” said Mark S. Levenson, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “This ceremony is a moment to applaud all that Israel has accomplished in addition to the success of its relationship with New Jersey, which continues to deliver for our great state.” “With the flags of the United States, New Jersey and Israel standing tall, this historic moment reflects the deep bonds that unite us not only today, but tomorrow as well,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “Congratulations to the people of Israel who can always count on the Garden State as we look forward to decades of prosperity, friendship and strong cooperation.” About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate