Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/

New Jersey Department of State Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State × ALERT Individuals seeking information for any of the items listed below, please inquire at the Department of Treasury’s Division of Revenue and Enterprise Services (DORES) at https://www.state.nj.us/treasury/revenue/ or by phone at 609-292-9292 . Apostilles/International Notarizations New Business Filings File an Annual Report Business Records and Information Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) Filings Tax Filing/Payment Services Notary Public Commissions NJ Voter Information Portal Information for the NJ Voter Jersey Civic Engage A multi-faceted initiative to foster civic engagement across our communities. New Jersey's First Lady Tammy Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way are leading NJ Women Vote. Watch our conversation about 100 years of women’s votes and join us! Previous Next Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, Esq. New Jersey Lieutenant Governor and Secretary of State Tahesha L. Way serves as New Jersey’s 3rd Lieutenant Governor. She was appointed to the position by Governor Phil Murphy on September 8, 2023. A lifelong public servant, Lieutenant Governor Way has devoted her entire career to improving the lives of her fellow New Jerseyans. Over the past two decades, she has served at numerous levels of local and state government. As Lieutenant Governor, Ms. Way brings her extensive experience to bear on addressing the greatest challenges facing New Jerseyans — from making life more affordable, to protecting fundamental freedoms—like access to reproductive health care and equality under the law — to maintaining New Jersey’s reputation as the best and safest state to raise a family. Learn more about the Lieutenant Governor About the Secretary Invite the Secretary The Secretary in the Community Jersey Civic Engage NJ Alliance for Civic Engagement John Lewis Youth Leadership Award #TrustedInfo2022 New Jersey Ballot Bowl Vote for Valor Press Releases 02/06/25 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey is Getting Ready for 2026 200 Organizations and 100 Communities Have Joined RevolutionNJ RevolutionNJ is helping New Jersey organizations and communities prepare for the upcoming commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the United States. 02/04/25 - NJ Division of Elections Changes in Signature Requirements for New Jersey Election Petitions Become Law The New Jersey Division of Elections advises that a change in state election law has increased the number of petition signatures required for candidates to qualify for the ballot. Governor Phil Murphy has signed A-5117/S-3994, which modifies the number of petition signatures required for candidates to be placed on primary, general, nonpartisan municipal, and school election ballots. 01/27/25 - NJ Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Approves Record $1.04 Million in FY 2025 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations Advancing its ongoing commitment to ensuring a stable and healthy cultural industry, the New Jersey Cultural Trust Board approved a total of $1,040,935 in grants to 29 nonprofit arts organizations in 14 counties during an open public meeting held virtually on January 15, 2025. 01/17/25 - NJ Israel Commission NJ Israel Commission Statement on the Latest Ceasefire Agreement in Gaza, and the Anticipated Return of Captives This week, negotiating parties representing Israel and leadership in the Gaza strip reached a tentative agreement to secure the release and remains of several people who were kidnapped into the Hamas-ruled territory on October 7, 2023. 01/16/25 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development CHPRD Now Accepting Grant Applications for Fiscal Year 2026 to Support Hispanic Community-Based Initiatives The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) is pleased to announce that it is now accepting applications for its FY2026 grant program. 01/13/25 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Announces May 2025 Nomination Cycle The New Jersey Department of State invites all New Jerseyans to join the State in celebrating Black history. 12/02/24 - New Jersey Israel Commission NJ Israel Commission Leadership Remarks on the Abduction of Tenafly’s Edan Alexander by Terrorists in Gaza, in regards to the “Proof-of-Life” Video More than 420 days ago, Edan Alexander (now 20 years old) of Tenafly, along with more than 200 others, was kidnapped from Israel into Gaza, during a terrorist attack from the coastal Palestinian territory. 12/02/24 - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission NJ Department of State Welcomes Awilda Pomales-Diaz as the new Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced the newest appointment to the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, Awilda Pomales-Diaz will serve as Executive Director. 12/02/24 - New Jersey Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Celebrates Record Trust Fund Interest Income at Annual Meeting In Fiscal Year 2024, the New Jersey Cultural Trust’s permanent investment fund yielded the largest amount of annual interest income in the agency’s history, Executive Director Izzy Kasdin reported on November 18, 2024, at the Cultural Trust’s Annual Meeting at Liberty Hall Museum in Union. 11/26/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts State of the Arts Wins 35th Emmy Award For Story On Artist Layqa Nuna Yawar's Mural At Newark Liberty International Airport's New Terminal A State of the Arts, one of the longest-running arts programs in the nation, has won its 35th Emmy Award for the segment "Layqa", which follows Newark-based Indigenous Ecuadorian artist Layqa Nuna Yawar as he creates a colossal mural for Newark Liberty International Airport's newly redesigned Terminal A. 11/22/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission’s Annual Conference Examines 250 Years of New Jersey’s Democracy The New Jersey Historical Commission will explore how New Jerseyans have historically engaged in our democracy during its annual conference, Imperfectly Civil: History of Politics and Civics in New Jersey , on December 3, 2024 at the Douglass Student Center in New Brunswick, NJ. 11/04/24 - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission condemns anti-Puerto Rico remarks Today, the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission joins Governor Phil Murphy with a unified voice to condemn and admonish the anti-Puerto Rican, anti-Latino, and bigoted statements made by Tony Hinchcliffe, on behalf of former President Donald Trump at Madison Square Garden. 11/01/24 - Division of Elections Lieutenant Governor Way Reminds Voters to Avoid Electioneering Near Polling Locations The Division of Elections distributed an electioneering poster on Saturday, October 26th to aid county election officials and poll workers. 10/30/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission RevolutionNJ Race Series Comes to Greenwich New Jersey is continuing its race to America’s 250th in 2026. 10/22/24 - Division of Elections NEW JERSEY VOTERS WITH DISABILITIES ENCOURAGED TO UTILIZE ACCESSIBLE VOTING OPTIONS New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State, is reminding New Jersey voters with disabilities that they have multiple options to cast their ballot for the 2024 General Election. 10/22/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center New Jersey Announces $400K to Support Small Business New to Exporting The New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center has announced today that it has been awarded $400,000 in federal funds for the State Trade Expansion Program (STEP) to support new-to-exporting businesses in underserved business communities. 10/16/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center NJBAC Launches the Cannabis Training Academy The NJ Department of State’s New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), with designation and support from the New Jersey Cannabis Regulatory Commission (NJ-CRC), has developed the Cannabis Training Academy (CTA). 10/15/24 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development CHPRD Seeking Biggest Class of Governor’s Hispanic Fellows for 2025 As New Jersey celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15 – October 15), the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development invites Hispanic New Jersey residents who are enrolled in college to apply for the 2025 class of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows program. 10/11/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Emmy Award-winning State of the Arts Premieres Two-part Special Focusing on New Jersey Heritage Fellows One of the most diverse states in the country, New Jersey is home to an amazing array of traditional artists, each a keeper of an age-old art form. 10/02/24 - NJ State Museum Visit the NJ State Museum in October for science celebrations and more! October is a busy month at the New Jersey State Museum! 10/01/24 - NJ State Museum Critically acclaimed but little-known artist subject of new exhibition The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present a new exhibition and accompanying publication featuring the work of an artist who spent the latter part of his life working in New Jersey. 09/23/24 - Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY REMINDS ELIGIBLE VOTERS OF THREE WAYS TO VOTE IN UPCOMING NOVEMBER 5 GENERAL ELECTION New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way is reminding eligible voters that the State is making it safe, simple, and secure to participate in the upcoming November 5 General Election. 09/19/24 - Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR WAY KICKS OFF 7TH ANNUAL NEW JERSEY BALLOT BOWL Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way joined students, faculty, and staff at William Paterson University on Tuesday September 17th to kick off the 7th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl on National Voter Registration Day. 09/19/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center NJ Business Action Center’s Office of Planning Advocacy Launches Geospatial Tool for Municipalities and Developers The Office of Planning Advocacy within the New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) at the Department of State has launched its new NJ Smart Growth Explorer data tool. Developed by the Rowan University Geospatial Research Lab, the NJ Smart Growth Explorer is a free comprehensive informational tool that provides data to municipalities and developers for development and conservation efforts. 09/12/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center New Jersey Business Action Center to Host "Resources for Growth" Event in Cumberland County The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), in partnership with the New Jersey Small Business Development Center, is pleased to announce its upcoming "Resources for Growth" networking and resource event for small businesses. 09/06/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission RevolutionNJ Race Series Comes to Princeton 5K race and one-mile family fun walk will be held at Princeton Battlefield State Park on September 8, 2024 . 09/03/24 - New Jersey Secretary of State 7TH ANNUAL NEW JERSEY BALLOT BOWL COMPETITION KICKS OFF Statewide Non-Partisan Voter Registration Competition Runs Through Election Day 08/26/24 - Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY ENCOURAGES ELIGIBLE VOTERS TO NOTE IMPORTANT DEADLINES AHEAD OF SEPT. 18 SPECIAL GENERAL ELECTION New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way and the state’s Division of Elections are encouraging eligible voters to note important dates approaching for the upcoming Sept. 18 Special General Election for the United States House of Representatives - 10th Congressional District. 08/21/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2023 Richard P. McCormick Prize The New Jersey Historical Commission, in partnership with the New Jersey Studies Academic Alliance, announces Dr. Jean Soderlund as the winner of the 2023 Richard P. McCormick Prize for her book Separate Paths: Lenapes and Colonists in West New Jersey 08/07/24 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development CHPRD Celebrates Graduates of 2024 Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD), a division within the New Jersey Department of State, celebrates the Class of 2024 as they graduate from the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program. 08/06/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $5.2 million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2025 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has announced its Fiscal Year 2025 (FY2025) grant recipients encompassing an array of programs to support historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 08/02/24 - New Jersey Israel Commission Governor Murphy, Lt. Governor Way, NJ-Israel Commission Reiterate Calls for the Immediate Unconditional Release of Tenafly’s Edan Alexander Friday, August 2nd, marks 300 days since Edan Alexander of Tenafly was kidnapped from Israel by Hamas terrorists. 07/31/24 - About RevolutionNJ New Jersey Races towards America’s 250th Hosts a series of 5K runs and family-fun walks at historic sites around the state 07/30/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $30 Million in Grants, Names New Chair Investment Strengthens Economic and Creative Vitality of Communities in Every County 07/29/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $5.2 million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2025 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has announced its Fiscal Year 2025 (FY2025) grant recipients encompassing an array of programs to support historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 07/18/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission THIRTEEN NEW JERSEY STUDENTS SELECTED AMONG FIRST-EVER ‘AMERICA’S FIELD TRIP’ AWARDEES RevolutionNJ, New Jersey’s official 250th partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution, together with America250, the nonpartisan entity charged by Congress with planning the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence, has announced that five students from New Jersey were selected as inaugural “America’s Field Trip” first-place awardees. 07/15/24 - New Jersey Secretary of State Jasaun Boone Departs as DOS Chief of Staff Corey Wolkenberg will assume the role Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Department of State Chief of Staff Jasaun “Jay” Boone’s departure. Corey Wolkenberg has been promoted and will serve as the Chief of Staff, effective Monday, July 15th. 07/15/24 - New Jersey Israel Commission South Jersey Transportation Authority (Hammonton, NJ) and Pentera Security (Petach Tikva, Israel) Receive BIRD Cyber Award to Develop and Implement an Airport Cyber Protection Solution South Jersey Transportation Authority (Hammonton, NJ) and Pentera Security (Petah Tikva, Israel) will work together to develop and implement an airport cyber protection solution across the entire attack surface, after their proposal was awarded $550k from the BIRD Foundation, a U.S.-Israel bilateral program that promotes the joint development and commercialization of innovative technologies by funding projects between U.S. and Israeli entities. 06/20/24 - New Jersey Secretary of State Jersey Civic Engage Supports 2024 Youth Voter Engagement Jersey Civic Engage, an initiative within the New Jersey Department of State focused upon growing civic engagement in communities throughout the state, is pleased to share the results of its third annual New Jersey High School Voter Registration Week. 05/31/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission HISTORY PINNED REVOLUTIONNJ’S NEW, INTERACTIVE HISTORY HERO CHALLENGE The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has selected 32 sites to receive markers for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail. 05/30/24 - NJ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Announces 2024 Scholarship Contest Winners After reviewing submissions from almost 200 New Jersey high school seniors, the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission announces the 10 winners of ‘Looking Back at Dr. King’s 1964 Nobel Peace Prize speech’ 2024 Scholarship Essay Contest 05/24/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center NEW JERSEY BUSINESS ACTION CENTER TO HOST STATE PAVILION AT THE 68TH Summer Fancy Food Show The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) is proud to announce its participation as a State Pavilion for the second year in a row at the 68th Summer Fancy Food Show in New York City, which will be held June 23-25, 2024 at the Jacob Javits Center. 05/23/24 - Division of Elections DISABLED NEW JERSEY VOTERS ENCOURAGED TO UTILIZE ACCESSIBLE VOTING OPTIONS New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State, is letting disabled New Jersey voters know they have multiple options to cast their ballot for the 2024 Primary Election. 05/17/24 - NJ State Museum Science and space talks for curious minds at the New Jersey State Museum The New Jersey State Museum presents “Science Under the Stars,” a free monthly lecture series held on Saturdays in the Planetarium. 05/15/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts to Receive Nearly $1.2 Million from the National Endowment for the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts has been approved for a grant of $1,195,200 from the National Endowment for the Arts. 05/10/24 - New Jersey Cultural Trust Guidelines Released for New Jersey Cultural Trust’s FY25 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations The New Jersey Cultural Trust, in partnership with the New Jersey State Council on the Arts (Arts Council), has released the guidelines for its Fiscal Year 2025 grant program, Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations (IFS Arts). 04/26/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission First Sites Selected for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has selected 32 sites to receive markers for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail. 04/24/24 - Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY REMINDS ELIGIBLE VOTERS OF THREE WAYS TO VOTE IN UPCOMING JUNE 4 PRIMARY ELECTION New Jersey is once again making it safe, simple, and secure for eligible voters to participate in the upcoming Primary Election on Tuesday, June 4, 2024, according to Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the New Jersey Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State. 04/18/24 - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission to Host Health Education and Resources Event The New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, housed within the New Jersey Department of State, is proud to announce its upcoming Health Education and Resources event on Saturday, April 20, 2024, from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm. 04/18/24 - New Jersey-India Commission Governor Murphy, Lieutenant Governor Way Announce Rajpal Bath as Inaugural Executive Director of the New Jersey-India Commission Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Rajpal (Raj) Bath as the inaugural Executive Director of the New Jersey-India Commission. 04/17/24 - New Jersey-Israel Commission New Jersey-Israel Commission Hires Josh Berliner as Executive Director Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced the hiring of Josh Berliner to serve as Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission. 04/16/24 - NJ State Museum New Exhibition Explores Importance and Uses of Tree Bark The New Jersey State Museum presents “Bark! Indigenous Cultural Expressions,” on view May 4, 2024 through January 5, 2025 in the Museum’s Riverside Gallery on the second floor. 04/16/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission THE REVOLUTION IS GROWING! 100 ORGANIZATIONS HAVE JOINED REVOLUTIONNJ’S PROUD PARTNERS PROGRAM One hundred New Jersey businesses and organizations are officially preparing for America’s Semiquincentennial anniversary through RevolutionNJ’s Proud Partner program. 04/10/24 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Small Business Manual Now Available The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) today announced the availability of the New Jersey Small Business Manual, a publication that provides information and guidance on establishing, maintaining, and expanding a small business. 04/10/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission NJHC Webinar Shines Light on New Jersey’s Hidden Histories On Thursday, April 18th starting at 6:30pm the African American History Program at the New Jersey Historical Commission will host Justice for the Dead: Reconstructing the Hidden Histories. 03/05/24 - Division of Elections NEW JERSEY DIVISION OF ELECTIONS AND COUNTY ELECTION OFFICES SEEK POLL WORKERS FOR 2024 PRIMARY ELECTION New Jersey residents who’d like to earn extra money while serving their community can now apply to be a poll worker for the upcoming Tuesday, June 4, 2024 Primary Election and early voting period. 02/20/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL GRANTS NEARLY $2 MILLION TO NEW JERSEY ARTISTS The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held its first public meeting of 2024 today, where just over $1.7 million was awarded to 161 New Jersey artists through the Council’s Individual Artist Fellowship program. 02/16/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Unlock the Potential: Faith in Action in Sustainable Development Symposium The New Jersey Office of Faith-Based Initiatives, in collaboration with the New Jersey Redevelopment Authority and Kean University, is pleased to announce the "Unlock the Potential: Faith in Action in Sustainable Development Symposium." 02/15/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Artists and Community Organizations Work Together to Communicate Climate Risks in New Jersey Four New Jersey community-based organizations (CBOs) recently received funding to work with regional artists to develop community-engaged art projects that communicate climate risks to the public. 02/06/24 - Travel & Tourism New Jersey Celebrates Black History Month with Special Events, Tours and Exhibitions The New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism (NJTT) today announced a variety of special sites, tours and more taking place around the state for Black History Month, where residents and visitors can discover the invaluable contributions of African Americans to the arts. 01/30/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Now Accepting Site Nominations! As the next step in its development of a state-wide Black Heritage Trail, the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is now accepting site nominations that promote awareness and appreciation of Black history, heritage, and culture in New Jersey. 01/17/24 - NJ Business Action Center NJBAC Welcomes First Group of Instructors for the Cannabis Training Academy The NJ Business Action Center (NJBAC), which operates within the Department of State, has selected its first group of Cannabis Training Academy (CTA) instructors to assist in building out New Jersey’s cannabis technical assistance program. 01/08/24 - New Jersey Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Approves over $790,000 in FY 2024 Capital Historic Preservation Grants Advancing its ongoing commitment to ensuring a stable and healthy cultural industry, the New Jersey Cultural Trust Board approved a total of $798,395 in grants supporting capital projects at 21 nonprofit cultural organizations during an open public meeting held virtually on December 15, 2023. Trending at DOS Information and Resources Guide You can now download the new Department of State Information and Resources Guide DOS Directory Volunteering In NJ Are you interested in volunteering in New Jersey? This is where you start the process. The Business Action Center The Team serves as a one-stop shop for business. New Jersey Business Help Line Help is just a call away. We're ready to answer all of your New Jersey business questions. Take advantage of this one-call, no-cost resource. 1-800-Jersey-7 Schedule of DOS Events New Exhibitions at the State Museum NJ Flag Status DOS Employment Opportunities DOS Grant Information DOS in the News Business Action Center Choose New Jersey and the New Jersey-Israel Commission Co-Host Seminar on Starting a Business in New Jersey Insider NJ - appeared February 7, 2024 Seminar Helps Israeli Business Owners Get Established in NJ NJ Business Magazine - appeared February 7, 2024. State Council on the Arts Over $2.3 million in Middlesex County arts, history, capital grants awarded for 2024 tapinto.net - appeared February 7, 2024 State Museum “Look to the skies at Science Under the Stars” TrentonDaily.com - appeared February 9, 2024 Travel and Tourism “4 Romantic Getaways for Middle-aged Couples.” AAA receives 10.1M+ unique monthly visitors online with an advertising value of $5,841+. AAA’s article by Erica Lamberg - appeared February 7, 2024 “15 Places to See Cherry Blossoms.” AFAR receives 1.2M+ unique monthly visitors online with an advertising value of $740. AFAR’s article by Alina Polishuk - appeared February 9, 2024. Lt. Governor Way “Chalkbeat Newark asked for comment regarding the Division of Elections guidance on delaying implementation of the Newark 16/17 school board voting ordinance. Newark youth vote delayed, prompting advocates to plan outreach strategies Chalkbeat - appeared February 7, 2024 Business Action Center “Many Nj Conditional License Winners Out Of Options & Failing To Convert To Open.” Heady NJ - appeared February 14, 2024 ““Your First Stop For Doing Business In New Jersey. Second Step Is Joining Main Street Mount Holly,” Main Street Mount Holly - appeared February 15, 2024. State Council on the Arts The Art of Every Day, Features Perkins Folklife Center, a COA co-sponsored project South Jersey Magazine “Monmouth Beach Rising” video to spotlight rising sea level. Features Community-Based Art Grant Program, funded by NJDEP and carried out in partnership with COA The Monmouth Journal Nai-Ni Chen Dance Company and Leonia Senior Center are bringing music and movement to seniors! Features COA’s Creative Aging Initiative Grant. patch.com “Seniors can explore clay play in LBIF’s free eight-week ceramics workshop. Features COA’s Creative Aging Initiative Grant The SandPaper “Arts Ed NJ launches pilot Youth Arts Education Advocacy Council and announces two Youth Summits in April 2024. Features COA’s General Operating Support of Arts Ed NJ New Jersey Stage State Museum “Your kids and you will love these day trip ideas in and around New Jersey” the Museum is included in this alphabetical list of places to visit” NJFamily.com - appeared February 15, 2024 “March’s Small Explorers announced at the NJ State Museum” TrentonDaily.com - appeared February 19, 2024. Travel and Tourism NJTT Principal of Communications Emel Crawford worked with the team from The Weather Channel in Atlanta to feature New Jersey in the show “Best in State,” which aired LIVE on Feb. 16. Crawford booked Visit South Jersey Director of Operations Michael Snyder for the show interview, featuring the Pine Barrens, which Weather Channel TV viewers voted as the “best of New Jersey.” Show hosts Jen Carfagno and Alex Wallace also covered The Anthony Bourdain Food Trail, Atlantic City Boardwalk, Batso Village and several south Jersey recreational areas with Snyder. VISITNJ will promote on its social channels. UVM for The Weather Channel’s website is 60K. TV reach is not obtainable. - appeared February 15/16, 2024 British television show “George Clarke’s Adventures in Americana,” featured The Wildwoods “Doo Wop” culture in its Season 1, Episode 4. NJTT’s U.K. agency of record, GEC, placed. Metrics for TV reach or UVM were not provided. Channel 4 (England) - appeared February 20, 2024. N.J. Secretary of State is the first Black person to lead national organization during fight for voting rights NJ.com New Jersey joins multistate effort to clean up voter registration data New Jersey Monitor In Focus This Week Entrance Interview - NJ’s Tahesha Way becomes first Black leader of NASS democracy fund electionline Aftershocks: Election Sabotage and January 6th LDF THURGOOD MARSHALL INSTITUTE - podcast An Advocate for New Jersey Businesses NJCPA IssuesWatch Podcast N.J. gets $900K in federal funds for NJSTEP export program ROI-NJ.com The Cybersecurity 202: How counties are war-gaming Election Day cyberattacks washingtonpost.com NJ Takes Steps to Protect Votes From Cyber Attacks nbcphiladelphia.com A Day of What-ifs, Spent Ii Service of Ensuring Free and Fair Elections njspotlight.com Is your vote secure? Can voting booths be hacked? NJ puts ballot security to the test northjersey.com Tourism in N.J. hits record-breaking numbers, Murphy says ROI-NJ.com NJ Lawmakers Thinking of Spending More To Get Ready For Census NJ1015.com Is NJ Prepared to Spend $9M — $1 Per Person — to Ensure Accurate Census Count? www.njspotlight.com N.J. could lose big if we all don’t raise our hands during the Census www.nj.com The 2020 census is coming: What is New Jersey doing to ensure an accurate count? NorthJersey.com Newark launches community effort to be counted in lead up to 2020 census NJTV News New Jersey Marks One Year Until Census Day 2020 Insider NJ Acting Governor Oliver Highlights Census Kickoff and Countdown to Census 2020 Insider NJ One year away from the 2020 Census, states and towns make the case for filling out those forms phillynews.com NJ commission works toward ‘complete count’ for 2020 census NJTV News Jersey City Prepares for U.S. Census Count to Ensure Crucial Federal Funding for Health and Public Safety Insider NJ Acting Governor Oliver, Secretary Way, and Mayor Baraka to Kick Off Census 2020 Campaign New Jersey Government Censo 2020: Nueva Jersey detalla planes de conteo Telemundo47 NJ commission works toward ‘complete count’ for 2020 census NJ TV News Iniciativa para maximizar la participación en el censo Telemundo47 Officials, execs highlight N.J. as place to grow film industry — with nod toward inclusion, diversity ROI-NJ.com Rosa L. Parks High School Students Encouraged to 'Remember from Whence You Came' www.tapinto.net RPHS Students Conclude Black History Month with Top State Leaders www.tapinto.net Secretary of State Tahesha Way’s leadership implicates billions in Census dollars NJ1015.com Secretary of State Tahesha Way leads efforts around 100th anniversary of women’s right to vote Burlington County Times Secretary of State Tahesha Way takes part in the forum "Our Politics, Our Future." Brown Alumni Magazine Advocates push to get an accurate count for upcoming census NJ TV News Census Complete Count Commission holds first meeting The Press of Atlantic City New Jersey’s Complete Count Commission Meets, Focuses on Increased Participation for 2020 Census Insider NJ Meet the Secretary of State Who WANTS Everyone to Vote Instead of suppressing votes, New Jersey's Tahesha Way spearheaded 100,000 new voter registrations. Opinion: NJ taking steps to make sure every vote counts Op-ed by Secretary Way explaining steps New Jersey has taken to encouraging voting and ensure a safe and secure elections. Video compiled by the New York Giants organization to mark the Ballot Bowl competition featuring player Michael Thomas. Now that film tax credits are back, New Jersey is seeing stars News article on the new Jersey film tax credit program and an event featuring Secretary Way. Tweets by LtGovWay Tweets by SecretaryWay Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate