Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0605.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 5, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Planetarium to Offer Spanish Language Shows Monthly Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the start of new Spanish-language programming in the Planetarium. Six Spanish versions of current Planetarium programs have been added to the programming lineup. On the fourth Saturday of each month, beginning on June 24, two Spanish language shows will be presented, at 9:30 am and 10:30 am. Tickets for each show must be purchased at the Planetarium box office on the day of the show; the box office opens 30 minutes before each show. Tickets are $10 for adults, $5 for children 12 and under and $9 for seniors. Patrons should plan to arrive at least 10 minutes before their shows as it will start at the listed time. Guests on June 24 can choose “Tales of the Maya Skies” at 9:30 am or “Touch the Stars” at 10:30 am. “Tales of the Maya Skies” takes us back to the time of the ancient Mayan civilization, and teaches us about Mayan mathematics, architecture, and astronomy. “Touch the Stars” is a tour of the Solar System from the perspective of the robotic spacecraft that have been sent out to explore the Solar System over the last 50 years. The schedule for future programs can be found on the Museum’s website, statemuseum.nj.gov. The Spanish language programming is part of a series of new offerings in the Planetarium from Assistant Curator of Planetarium Education, Dr. Jacob Hamer. Dr. Hamer joined the staff of the Museum in February 2023. He received a B.A. in Physics and in Mathematics from the CUNY Macaulay Honors College at Hunter College in New York City, New York in 2017, and completed his Ph.D. in Astronomy and Astrophysics at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland in 2022. Dr. Hamer’s doctoral research was on exoplanets, planets orbiting stars other than our Sun, the first of which was discovered the day Jacob was born. While he has made astronomy his career, he is passionate about all of the natural sciences – as a child, he wanted to be a paleontologist. “Throughout my life, museums have always felt like home to me, so I’m thrilled to join the team here at the New Jersey State Museum. Astronomy is for everyone, and we are pleased to be able to expand our programming for members of the Spanish-speaking community,” says Dr. Hamer. The New Jersey State Museum is open Tuesday - Sunday, 9:00 am to 4:45 pm; closed on all State holidays. General admission is free. For additional information visit www.statemuseum.nj.gov, like the Museum’s Facebook page (@NJStateMuseum), and follow us on Twitter (njstatemuseum), Instagram (nj_statemuseum) and YouTube (@newjerseystatemuseum1895.) About the New Jersey State Museum Located at 205 West State Street in Trenton, the New Jersey State Museum encompasses three buildings including a state-of-the-art Planetarium and holds over 2 million artifacts in its collections in Archaeology/Ethnography, Cultural History, Fine Art and Natural History. The New Jersey State Museum is a center for the exploration of science, history and the arts. We preserve and share stories that inspire curiosity and creativity for the enrichment of our communities. About the New Jersey State Museum Foundation The New Jersey State Museum Foundation was founded in 1968 as a non-profit 501(c)(3) to support the Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs through fundraising, volunteerism, advocacy and marketing. In recent years, the Foundation has received generous support from the PNC Foundation, NJM Insurance Group, Department of State/New Jersey Historical Commission, New Jersey Council for the Humanities, The Henry Luce Foundation, The Capstone Foundation and Princeton Area Community Foundation. The Foundation also operates the Museum membership program, as well as the Museum Shop which sells merchandise related to the Museum's exhibitions and collections, and New Jersey history and culture. Proceeds support the New Jersey State Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate