Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0504.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 4, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey-Israel Commission Welcomes New Appointments by Governor Murphy 10 new Commission Members have been appointed reflecting the importance of the New Jersey-Israel relationship Trenton, N.J. – The New Jersey-Israel Commission is proud to welcome a new round of appointments to public members of the Commission by Governor Phil Murphy including 10 new and 29 reappointed Commission Members. These appointments strengthen the Commission’s objective of deepening New Jersey’s key relationship with the State of Israel across trade, investment, science, academia, tourism, culture, and other important areas. These new appointments follow sweeping changes made in 2020 by Governor Murphy to the 77 public members of the Commission and reflect the Murphy Administration’s dedication to ensuring the Commission realizes its full potential with an active, dedicated, and experienced class of members. It follows the trend set by the Governor and Secretary of State Tahesha Way to enhance the Commission and deliver opportunities to New Jersey from the State of Israel, a global center of technology and innovation and one of the state’s most important international partners. “I am pleased to welcome the 10 newly-appointed commission members to the New Jersey-Israel Commission and to congratulate the 29 reappointed members as they continue their necessary work,” said Governor Phil Murphy . “The Commission has effectively worked together in expanding relations between New Jersey and the State of Israel, and I look forward to witnessing the continued partnership between our two communities grow.” Today’s announcement adds to previous success by Governor Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way to revitalize the New Jersey-Israel Commission which has shown significant achievements around New Jersey-Israel relations including academic partnerships, official visits, foreign direct investment, cultural programs, Israeli business attraction, and other aspects core to the Commission’s work. Since the beginning of the Murphy Administration, New Jersey has seen over $450 million in investments and 1,425 jobs created by Israeli entities. “I congratulate and welcome each of the newly appointed members to this important Commission and look forward to working with them,” said New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “I remain committed to our state’s vital relationship with the State of Israel.” The newly appointed Commission Members are: Shahar Azran Dror Futter Dr. Oz Halabi Nina Kampler Harris Laufer Mark Peroff Alise Panitch Joel Strauss Jenny Davis Toth Lisa Wisotsky “Thank you to the Governor for these important appointments and the ongoing support of Secretary Way as we work to ensure the continued success of this Commission,” said Mark S. Levenson, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “I am elated to see such a talented group of leaders joining us and eagerly look forward to their active participation and contributions.” “I applaud today’s announcement and the Governor’s dedication to a deep and valued relationship with the State of Israel,” said Karin Elkis, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “I congratulate each of these new Commission Members and sure they will add tremendous value to our mission.” “The achievements of this commission are only possible with a vibrant and passionate set of Commission Members,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “The New Jersey-Israel Commission looks forward to working with all of these new members and seeking out their wealth of experience and resolve to building a vibrant future with our friends in Israel.” About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate