Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/culturaltrust/ct-featured-grant-recipients-alice-paul.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - NJ Cultural Trust - Alice Paul Institute, Burlington County Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Cultural Trust The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Featured Grant Recipients Strategic Planning/Assessment: Alice Paul Institute, Burlington County A strategic planning session is held at the Alice Paul Institute in 2022. Photo courtesy of API. The Alice Paul Institute (API) in Mount Laurel interprets and stewards the family home of suffragist Alice Stokes Paul, a National Historic Landmark. API offers leadership programming for young women and historical programming about Paul’s life and work, the Equal Rights Amendment, and women’s history more broadly. API received a $30,000 grant for strategic planning through the Cultural Trust’s FY22 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for History and Humanities Organizations program. Strategic planning is a key element of an organization’s long-term sustainability. Strategic plans give organizations focus by establishing mission-aligned goals that guide decision-making, build organizational culture, and help allocate resources. Changing circumstances often require organizations to make significant pivots, and a strategic plan can provide essential guidance as an organization determines how best to navigate unexpected opportunities or unforeseen challenges. For API, the COVID-19 pandemic was one such key moment. After the initial period of fast-moving adaptation, API identified the need for a new comprehensive strategic plan that would ensure the organization had a strong foundation in the post-COVID landscape. API used its Cultural Trust grant to hire an external consultant to guide the staff and board through the strategic planning process. The resulting four-year plan is a roadmap and a statement of purpose that will serve API well into the future. API Executive Director Rachael Glashan Rupisan described the strategic planning process as an opportunity to “refine our organizational values” which yielded an updated mission statement. Additionally, the FY23-FY26 strategic plan established long-term objectives and milestones around which API will structure future programs and initiatives, and it strengthened and clarified the structure of API’s board. Developing the plan was also an opportunity for API to engage deeply with its audience and community through town halls and surveys, strengthening existing relationships and building new ones. “The entire process helped reinvigorate our organization and everyone involved,” Glashan Rupisan said. Read About Past Grantees Cash Reserve: Algonquin Arts Theatre, Monmouth County Capital Equipment Purchase: North Jersey Concert Band, Bergen County Strategic Planning/Assessment: JAZZ HOUSE KiDS, Essex County Technology Upgrade: Cape May MAC, Cape May County Strategic Planning/Assessment: Alice Paul Institute, Burlington County New Staff Position: Institute of Music for Children, Union County Technology Upgrade: Morris Museum, Morris County Page Last Updated: 06/17/24 NJ Cultural Trust Grant Opportunities Trust Information News and Features Grant Features Cultural Trust Features Press Releases Resources Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate