Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0614.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 14, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Warehouse Siting Guidance Plan Issued to Assist Municipalities TRENTON, NJ – The Office of Planning Advocacy in the Department of State’s Business Action Center, on behalf of the NJ State Planning Commission, has issued guidance on warehouse siting to help municipalities address increasingly high demand for warehouse space. New Jersey is an ideal location for warehouse and distribution facilities, due in large part to the state’s proximity to nearby ports and transportation corridors. The pressure to add more facilities has increased as a result of e-commerce growth, partially as a result of the recent pandemic. The logistics industry is important to New Jersey’s economic sustainability. However, more warehouses add pressure to the state’s road and water infrastructure, the environment, overburdened communities and pristine farmland. “I am pleased to present this guidance for municipalities that are looking for ways to provide economic opportunities while also protecting New Jersey’s critical infrastructure and environmental assets,” said Donna Rendeiro, Executive Director of the Office of Planning Advocacy and the State Planning Commission . “I look forward to working with our State agency and planning partners, as well as interested public members, toward providing guidance and technical assistance on this critical issue.” “The logistics industry is vital to New Jersey’s business community – both large and small – and it’s essential that we assist our municipalities in providing economic drivers in a sustainable manner,” added Melanie Willoughby, Executive Director of the New Jersey Business Action Center . Acting Secretary of State Tahesha Way stated, “We are committed to working collaboratively to provide solutions that can maintain our economic advantage and help communities manage their resources to meet the needs of their residents. I am happy that we are able to contribute to the conversation.” The guidance will be open for public comment until July 29th, at which point the final draft will be presented to the State Planning Commission for approval at its August 3rd meeting. It can be found on the Office’s website at https://nj.gov/state/planning/index.shtml . Comments can be submitted to the Office at warehouses@sos.nj.gov. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate