Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2025-0117.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 17, 2025 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Israel Commission Statement on the Latest Ceasefire Agreement in Gaza, and the Anticipated Return of Captives TRENTON, NJ – This week, negotiating parties representing Israel and leadership in the Gaza strip reached a tentative agreement to secure the release and remains of several people who were kidnapped into the Hamas-ruled territory on October 7, 2023. “Although the wounds of October 7th are still wide open, we welcome the ceasefire and the return of some of our hostages,” said Karin Elkis, CoChair of the NJ Israel Commission. “However, this agreement must lead to the repatriation of all the Israelis and Americans who were stolen from their families by the terrorists more than 460 days ago, and ultimately a resumption of normal life. Until every single victim is returned to their families, from the Bibas children to Tenafly’s Edan Alexander, the war will continue. Israel must be allowed to exist in safety and security, and bad-faith actors supporting terrorist groups must not be allowed to exploit the people of Gaza, going forward.” “We applaud the Israeli and international leaders for working to secure the release of 33 captives,” said Mark Levenson, CoChair of the NJ Israel Commission. “But there are dozens more captives still in the dark in Gaza, including our brother Edan Alexander of Tenafly, who have been utterly neglected by the United Nations, the Red Cross, Doctors Without Borders, Human Rights Watch, and every international organization for more than 16 months. Every day that terrorism is tolerated in Gaza, the forces of hate are emboldened to destabilize our communities everywhere. The surest way to end the crisis in Gaza is to secure the release of every October 7th hostage, dismantle the terrorist infrastructure that physically and politically permeates throughout the Strip, and for the international community to take a stand against extremism and corruption that robs the people of Gaza of their opportunity, generation after generation.” On October 7, 2023, over 200 innocent people were kidnapped by terrorists from Gaza, who illegally infiltrated Israel, and murdered over 1200. Among them was Edan Alexander, then a 19yr old Tenafly native. Since then, he has had no communication with his family, the Israeli government, or the United States government. Edan and his fellow abductees, who are believed to be held prisoner in unknown locations throughout the Gaza Strip, have had no contact with or received visits from any international humanitarian organizations, including the United Nations, the WHO, ICRC, MSF/DWB, Amnesty International, or Human Rights Watch, despite the fact that all of these groups are active observers of the conflict in Gaza. About the New Jersey Israel Commission : The New Jersey-Israel Commission, which operates within the New Jersey Department of State, was established in 1989 to promote the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourage the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and foster a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. New Jersey-Israel trade in goods accounted for approximately $1.84 billion annually, and thousands of jobs for New Jersey residents. About Edan Alexander : Edan Alexander lives in Tenafly, NJ with his parents and two younger siblings. He graduated from Tenafly High School in 2022, where he was a decorated athlete on the swim team. He loves art and music, particularly artists like Travis Scott and SZA. His favorite activities include joining his friends for adventurous outdoor activities, such as skydiving and skateboarding. Following graduating high school, Edan put off enrolling in college, and volunteered with IDF’s Golani brigade as a “lone soldier.” He was stationed at the border with Gaza on the early morning of October 7th, 2023, when his mother last spoke with him before he was kidnapped. He celebrated his 20th birthday in captivity on December 29. His current whereabouts and condition are unknown. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate