Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/nj/privacy.html

The Official Web Site for The State of New Jersey | State of New Jersey Privacy Notice Back to top Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close State of New Jersey Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice summarizes how information from visitors to nj.gov websites, under the nj.gov and aligned sites, is collected, used and protected. Please note that this Privacy Notice does not apply to individual State of New Jersey Executive Branch Agency websites; once you leave the nj.gov website to visit a particular State Agency’s site, please refer to that Agency’s posted Privacy Notice. All Executive Branch State Agencies are required to post a Privacy Policy Notice that describes in more detail what information they collect, how it is used and how they will protect it. By accessing nj.gov, you accept the terms and conditions described herein without limitation. Changes to Our Privacy Notice: From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Notice and/or use personal information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed to meet changes in laws, rules, policies or procedures, or to satisfy the needs of our users. Unless otherwise required under applicable law, the revised Privacy Notice will take effect immediately upon such posting. Last Updated: March 2022 Privacy Notice: What and how nj.gov collects information We collect both personal and non-personal information for our legitimate interests, including, but not limited to performing data analysis, security, identifying usage trends, and auditing the use and functionality of nj.gov . In addition to any personal information or other information that you choose to provide to us, we or our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies, now and developed in the future, that automatically collect certain website usage information whenever you visit or interact with nj.gov . This information may include browser type, operating system, the page served, the time, the source of the request, the preceding page view, and other similar information. We may utilize this usage information for a variety of purposes, including to enhance or otherwise improve our website. We may also use device identifiers to secure the nj.gov website and its associated information technology infrastructure. For purposes of this Privacy Notice, "personal information" means any information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity, either alone or when combined with other personal or identifying information that is linked to a specific individual. We may collect "personal information", i.e., information that identifies you or relates to you, such as your: Name Postal address Telephone number(s) Email address(es) Geolocation information IP address Domain name (e.g., “xcompany.com” if you use a private account or “yourschool.edu” if you are connecting through a university domain) The type of browser and operating system used to access nj.gov The internet address of the website from which you linked directly to nj.gov The pages you visit within the nj.gov website The links you use to go to other websites through nj.gov We may receive your personal information from other sources, such as public databases, social media platforms, from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms, as well as from other third parties. For example, if you elect to connect your social media account to your website account, certain personal information from your social media account will be shared with us, which may include personal information that is part of your public profile, or your friends' public profiles. nj.gov may use “cookies” or similar technologies to collect information as well as to improve your next visit to nj.gov . Cookies are small text files that a website sends to your computer for record-keeping purposes which are stored in a file on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are also used for statistical purposes, to determine how a website is used and they make web browsing easier for you by saving your preferences. Privacy Notice: How nj.gov uses your information We may use your non-personal information by itself, as part of aggregated information, or as anonymous information that does not personally identify you. As aggregated and/or anonymized information does not constitute personal information, we may use it for any purpose. We may provide this and certain other non-personal information to third parties, who may in turn use this information to help us improve nj.gov and this will not involve disclosing any of your personally identifiable information. If we combine anonymized or aggregated data with personal information, we will treat the combined information as if it were personal information which will be afforded the protections required by applicable law. We may use your personal information to communicate with you including, but not limited to, responding to your inquiries, fulfilling your requests or to send information to you. Privacy Notice: How nj.gov protects your information We take all reasonable steps and precautions to protect the information you provide us on nj.gov from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction; however, this cannot be absolutely guaranteed. For more information on how we secure and protect your information, please visit https://www.cyber.nj.gov/ Please note the following regarding minors: The State of New Jersey is committed to protecting children's privacy online. It is important for parents, guardians and teachers to provide guidance to children when they are asked for their personal information online. The State of New Jersey specifically asks children to obtain their parents' or guardians’ permission before providing any personal information online. If children do provide their information on a State of New Jersey website, it is only used to enable us to respond to the writer. For more information on the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), please visit Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule: A Six-Step Compliance Plan for Your Business | Federal Trade Commission (ftc.gov) Privacy Notice: How to contact nj.gov If, after reviewing this Privacy Notice, you have any questions, complaints or privacy concerns regarding nj.gov please send a letter to: New Jersey Office of Information Technology PO Box 212 Trenton, New Jersey 08625-0212 New Jersey Statewide Information Security Manual, Feb. 2021. Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate