Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2025-0116.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 16, 2025 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State CHPRD Now Accepting Grant Applications for Fiscal Year 2026 to Support Hispanic Community-Based Initiatives TRENTON, NJ – The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) is pleased to announce that it is now accepting applications for its FY2026 grant program. This funding opportunity is designed to support Hispanic community-based non-profits that are making a positive impact across New Jersey in a variety of sectors. The FY2026 grant program aims to empower organizations that work to enhance the quality of life for Hispanic communities in New Jersey by supporting initiatives in the following key areas: Hispanic Entrepreneurship : Promoting business education and mentorship opportunities within the Hispanic community for residents who are starting or aspiring to start their own businesses. Citizenship and Integration : Helping immigrants and newcomers successfully integrate into American society, focusing on citizenship, legal services, and community support. Workforce Development : Offering programs that improve job skills and employment prospects for Hispanic individuals. Youth Workforce Investment (In-School and Out-of-School Programs) : Supporting educational programs that help at-risk young people prepare for careers, gain essential skills, and access work experiences. Community Service : Advocates for and supports culturally competent community service programs and projects that strengthen the fabric of Hispanic neighborhoods. Health and Wellness : Supporting initiatives that address health disparities, promote wellness, and increase healthcare access for Hispanic communities, while aiding families in crisis and enhancing social and psychological well-being. CHPRD’s mission is to foster positive social, educational, and economic outcomes for Hispanic communities in New Jersey. Through these grants, CHPRD seeks to partner with organizations that share this commitment and are dedicated to addressing the unique needs of our communities. "The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development is proud to continue supporting initiatives that make a real difference in the lives of Hispanic communities across New Jersey,” said CHPRD Executive Director Marelyn Rivera. “Our FY2026 grant program reflects our commitment to fostering growth and opportunity in key areas such as entrepreneurship, workforce development, and health and wellness. We encourage organizations dedicated to these causes to apply and join us in our mission to create a more equitable and thriving future for all." Grant Application Process : The application deadline for FY2026 grants is Wednesday, February 26, 2025 at 1:00 pm . The application process is open to eligible non-profit organizations serving Hispanic communities throughout New Jersey. Interested applicants are encouraged to carefully review the application guidelines and submit all required documents before the deadline. Grant awards will be announced by August 2025 . This timeline allows CHPRD to review all submissions and select organizations that demonstrate a strong commitment to the priorities outlined above. How to Apply : To learn more about the available funding opportunities, including eligibility requirements and application guidelines, information for our upcoming technical assistance session, or to submit an application, please visit the CHPRD grant opportunities webpage: https://www.nj.gov/state/chprd-grant-opportunities.shtml For additional questions or assistance with the application process, applicants may contact the CHPRD office by email at chprd@sos.nj.gov by Wednesday, February 26, 2025 by 1pm. About the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) : Housed within the New Jersey Department of State, the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD) was established in 1975 to address the needs of the Hispanic community, recognizing that this growing population has been historically underserved. The CHPRD has a director and an advisory committee, all appointed with approval of the Governor. The Secretary of State serves as an ex-officio member of the advisory committee. Beyond its oversight of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program, CHPRD works throughout the year to invest in Hispanic Community Based Organizations. It provides annual grant funding for qualified Hispanic-focused non-profit applicants working in Entrepreneurship, Citizenship and Integration, Workforce Development, and Community Service (within the following subcategories: children at risk, health risks and disease prevention, senior citizens, mental health). Follow CHPRD on Facebook and Instagram . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate