Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0907.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 7, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ State Planning Commission Adopts Warehouse Siting Guidance TRENTON, NJ – The NJ State Planning Commission today adopted its Warehouse Siting guidance. Developed by the Office of Planning Advocacy in the Department of State, the document is the result of several months of research, input gathering, and listening sessions conducted by the Office and the Commission to create comprehensive guidance that local governments can utilize when updating their master plans, zoning and development standards, and when reviewing development applications. State Planning Commission Chairman Thomas K. Wright furthered, “the guidance encourages interagency, municipal, and county cooperation and coordination in taking a more regional and capacity-based approach to accommodating warehouse and logistics industry needs in suitable locations.” According to Donna Rendeiro, the Executive Director of the Office of Planning Advocacy, 47 comments were received from a variety of groups, individuals, municipalities, and counties, during the 50-day public comment period that closed on July 29. “While OPA understands the concerns expressed by the public, it is important to keep in mind that we are as much a home rule state as we are a logistics state,” said Director Rendeiro. “As land-use planning and development review occur predominantly at the local level in New Jersey, our approach has been to provide technical assistance and guidance within the context of sound planning and policy that balances competing needs – including protecting important resources and impacted communities, while ensuring economic growth and viability.” According to U.S. Census Bureau economic statistics released in 2021, nearly 12.2% of all jobs located in New Jersey are in the wholesale trade or transportation and warehousing sectors of the economy, those that are devoted primarily to the storage and distribution of goods. This is the highest share among the 50 states. These sectors together are responsible for 15.7% of New Jersey’s total payroll and are the highest in the country. “The guidance gives communities the tools they need to proactively plan for and locate desired warehouse development in a manner that makes for good neighbors and avoids these negative impacts,” added Melanie Willoughby, Executive Director of the Business Action Center. While the logistics industry is extremely important to New Jersey’s economy, large-scale warehousing, can if not properly sited and scaled, result in negative regional impacts affecting adjacent communities, and transportation infrastructure that lacks adequate capacity. With the explosion of e-commerce and the resultant demand for warehouse space at an all-time high, both rural and urban areas of the State are feeling the pressure, as are New Jersey’s overburdened communities, valuable farmland, and environmentally sensitive areas. Secretary of State Tahesha Way stated, “The guidance represents the collaborative efforts and input of many State agencies, counties, communities, and interests, including what we heard from the public. I am happy that we were able to balance concerns on both sides of this issue while working to provide implementable solutions that will allow the logistics industry to thrive more sustainably.” The guidance can be found on the Office’s website at https://nj.gov/state/planning/index.shtml . For more information, please contact Donna Rendeiro at: Donna.Rendeiro@sos.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate