Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0919a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 19, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Hispanic Heritage Month: Celebrating "Driving Prosperity, Power, and Progress in America" TRENTON, NJ – As we enter Hispanic Heritage Month, Assistant Secretary of State Dr. Lauren Zyriek Enriquez, Acting Director of the Division of Elections, stands proud to celebrate the rich contributions of the Hispanic community to our great state. In her capacity as a senior leader within state government, Assistant Secretary Dr. Zyriek Enriquez and the New Jersey Department of State are dedicated to promoting inclusivity, diversity, and progress across various sectors. This year, we are united in celebrating the resonant theme of "Driving Prosperity, Power, and Progress in America." This theme is a poignant reflection of the exceptional strides that Hispanic individuals have made across various sectors—be it economic, in government, or social. We take pride that the Department of State is home to the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development for more than 30 years. Despite grappling with challenges, Hispanics consistently rise above, showcasing their influence in areas that were previously deemed beyond reach. Understanding the Essence of Hispanic Heritage Month: Hispanic Heritage Month is not only a time for celebration but a vital opportunity for us to delve into the rich history, culture, and contributions of Hispanics. Running from September 15th to October 15th, this month is emblematic of the independence anniversaries of several Latin American countries. It is a time to reflect upon and pay homage to the heritage that enriches our society. In a world that thrives on diversity and progress, Hispanic Heritage Month reminds us of the pivotal roles that Hispanics play in shaping our society. It is a time to stand together, acknowledge their invaluable contributions, and celebrate their achievements. Let's honor their presence as employees, consumers, suppliers, and community members, and join hands in propelling prosperity, power, and progress that extend far beyond this month. Thank you for your unwavering dedication to fostering an inclusive and thriving workplace. Your commitment to diversity not only enriches our organization but also creates a brighter future for all. About CHPRD: The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD), which is within the New Jersey Department of State, was established in 1975 to address the needs of the Hispanic communities. The Office was mandated to provide funding for Hispanic initiatives and administers an annual appropriation from the State of New Jersey. The CHPRD seeks to empower, provide financial support, and technical assistance to primarily Hispanic community-based organizations. The Center promotes a new model of community development that is focused on making REAL impacts in people’s lives while helping community-based organizations achieve greater self-sufficiency. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate