Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2018-0919.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 19, 2018 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Department of State to Commemorate Constitution Week NJ State Archives and NJ Historical Commission to Host Programs During September 17-21 TRENTON, N.J. – As part of the nationwide observance of Constitution Week, New Jersey will host a series of commemorative events showcasing the state’s invaluable contributions to the creation of America’s governing document. Led by the New Jersey State Archives and the New Jersey Historical Commission, the celebration will begin Monday, September 17th, with an exhibition of the first page New Jersey’s 1787 Ratification of the United States Constitution. This beautiful parchment contains the full text of our country’s charter, beginning with the iconic words “We the People …” The display will be located in the State Archives’ Manuscript Reading Room on the 2nd Floor of 225 West State Street in Trenton. Public hours are Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. On Friday, September 21st at 11:00 a.m., New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way will observe Constitution Week at the same location. She will offer remarks along with guest speaker Dr. Jonathan Mercantini, Acting Dean of the College of Liberal Arts at Kean University. Professor Mercantini will talk about William Livingston and the rest of the New Jersey delegation sent to the federal constitutional convention. For this event and throughout the day on September 21st, the State Archives will also exhibit a tabletop display featuring other documents relating to New Jersey’s ratification, delegation, and the legislative process. Among these unique manuscripts are: The New Jersey ratification convention’s book of proceedings; Livingston’s transmittal of the first public printing of the draft constitution to the New Jersey Legislature (one of only a dozen known to survive); A petition to the Legislature from residents of Salem County urging adoption of the proposed Constitution; and The law authorizing the New Jersey convention and related legislative documents. The State Archives will also display a color catalog of scans of these manuscripts and their captions as a take-away from the event and special exhibition. “New Jersey played an instrumental role in the American Revolution and the subsequent founding of the nation’s governing ideals. It is only fitting that we showcase and share this unique part of our state’s history in collaboration with Constitution Week,*” noted Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “It will also serve to remind us of our shared civic responsibility to continually uphold the principles outlined in the Constitution as an informed and engaged citizenry.” An initiative of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR), Constitution Week designates September 17-23 annually as a period of commemoration and education surrounding the country’s foundational document. The initiative dates over 60 years ago, when a formal resolution was adopted by the U.S. Congress and signed into public law on August 2, 1956 by President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate