Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njsca/dos_njsca_benefits.html

New Jersey State Council on the Arts Governor Phil Murphy and Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Military Task Force Report Grant Information Employment Opportunities Flag Status Pay-to-Play Ordinances Commemorative Dates Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Public Notices Proposed Rules Press Releases Reports e-Notification Lists In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Business/Economic Dev Business Action Center Business Advocates Small Business Advocates Export Assistance Planning Advocates Travel & Tourism Motion Picture and Television Commission Non-Profit Portal Arts/History/Cultural Programs Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism Commission on National & Community Service Cultural Trust Historical Commission Office of Faith Based Initiatives State Archives Council on the Arts State Museum War Memorial - Patriots Theater Cultural Heritage Commissions Commission on American Indian Affairs Israel Commission Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional Cultural Heritage Commissions Division of Elections New Jersey State Council on the Arts About the Arts Council Grant Opportunities Programs & Initiatives Meetings & Events Benefits of the Arts Resources Publications Contact The NJ State Council on the Arts Mailing Address: NJ State Council on the Arts P.O. Box 306 Trenton, NJ 08625-0306 Office Address: 225 West State Street, 4th Floor Trenton, NJ 08608 Tel: (609) 292-6130 NJ Relay: 711 Email: Feedback@sos.nj.gov Arts Council Home > Benefits of the Arts Benefits of the Arts The arts industry creates and sustains public value in a wide range of important ways, both intrinsically to the lives of people and instrumentally to the advancement of communities. Likewise the State Arts Agency, which in New Jersey is the largest single supporter of that work, creates public value by the way it operates and the leadership it provides. Moreover the public value created by the arts can be framed in the following major ways: Education Study and practice of the arts are essential to a quality and complete K-12 education. Students who study the arts learn invaluable life and professional skills that prepare them well for the 21st century workplace in which creativity and integrative thinking, as well as teamwork, self-discipline and self-confidence are essential. Such students also perform better in other subjects, excel in student activities and become more actively engaged in civics upon graduation. The arts are well known to have saved the lives of children at risk because they reach us in deeply personal ways. And we now know that engagement in the arts throughout a lifetime and, in particular, in our senior years, can have profound effects on our health and well-being. Economic and Community Development The arts have proven themselves to be powerful engines to support the growth and development of healthy and economically viable communities. Art work and the arts institutions themselves provide and support other jobs, and make downtowns more attractive to people and other businesses. The millions of people who attend arts events spend twice their ticket price in the local economy. They give identity and character to towns and neighborhoods. They are catalysts for bringing people and neighborhoods together. Support for Key Industries The arts are a vital and growing sector of the travel and tourism industry, New Jersey's 2nd largest industry. The expenditures of arts institutions support other fields such as advertising, printing, food and design. Cultural opportunities are frequently cited among the top reasons why corporations locate, stay and expand because they are key to attracting and retaining the highly skilled workforce that industry demands. The arts as part of the creative economy are a powerful magnet for attracting talent and resources. Identity, Celebration, Commemoration and Community Building The arts are immensely powerful forces in building our sense of identity and in harmonizing and celebrating the astonishing cultural diversity of our state. In all matters of social crisis and tragedy, it is the arts that we turn to for healing. They teach us tolerance, respect and understanding for other cultures. They celebrate our social, religious and communal values. We almost reflexively turn to the arts to commemorate the great accomplishments and events of our society. They are what we bestow upon future generations with our greatest sense of pride and accomplishment. The New Jersey State Arts Agency The State Arts Agency and its network of 21 County Arts Agencies also create and ensure a unique set of public values in the distribution of public resources to support the arts industry. They guarantee a level playing field in terms of access to the resources and the process, criteria and principles by which merits are assessed and funding decisions are made. They provide high levels of accountability to the public through contracts and reports to ensure that the activities supported are accomplished and the funding is expended properly. They provide information and key leadership on issues of importance to the entire industry. Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | Accessibility Statement Department: Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2001- 2025 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate