Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0818.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 18, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Longtime State Museum Volunteer Among Honorees at Governor’s 2022 Jefferson Awards TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce that longtime volunteer Wayne Callahan was among the honorees at the 2022 Governor’s Jefferson Awards. Mr. Callahan was honored in the “Service Through STEM” category for his volunteer work with the New Jersey State Museum Natural History Bureau. He has been an amateur paleontologist for more than fifty years and has consistently volunteered his time at the Museum since 1995. Besides collecting fossils and cataloguing collections, he inspires the public with presentations about paleontology, presenting STEM concepts since before it became a formal term. The Jefferson Award is a national volunteer recognition award established in 1972 by the American Institute for Public Service (now Multiplying Good) in cooperation with the U.S. Senate and the White House. In New Jersey the Jefferson Award is administered by the New Jersey Governor’s Office of Volunteerism in partnership with the New Jersey Governor’s Advisory Council on Volunteerism and Community Service and NJ Advance Media. The Service Through STEM category honors the application of science, technology, engineering and/or mathematics (STEM) skills and knowledge to develop solutions to problems at the individual, home, school, community, or global level. Many practitioners of science, technology and engineering trace their first interests to seeing paleontology at a museum, and Wayne Callahan’s volunteer work at the New Jersey State Museum has had far-reaching impacts. Besides bringing the excitement of STEM topics to learners of all ages, Mr. Callahan has also been an example of the citizen scientist, the person who pursued another occupation, but has contributed to another field of scholarly endeavor, expecting only the personal satisfaction of work well done and the advancement of knowledge. Wayne Callahan has frequently noted his inspiration from the late Montclair State University paleontology Professor Robert Ramsdell (who also volunteered at the New Jersey State Museum). Mr. Callahan, who had always been interested in paleontology, took a number of courses from Professor Ramsdell, earning a Master’s degree in Geosciences in addition to his Engineering degree. Like a number of Dr. Ramsdell’s other students who have contributed individually and collectively to the sciences throughout their lives, Mr. Callahan’s service to the New Jersey State Museum is especially notable, as it directly inspires future generations of young scientists. Prior to his retirement, Mr. Callahan’s work with the Museum included table demonstrations on paleontology at the long-running “Super Science Weekend” event for many years. Since retirement, Mr. Callahan has volunteered at the Museum at least one day per week since 2008, meeting visitors in the public laboratory and delivering formal and informal presentations which include STEM concepts. Additionally, he completed study of a skeleton of a fossil crocodile and then prepared the skeleton for inclusion in the Museum’s long-term “Written in the Rocks” exhibition which incorporates STEM concepts. Mr. Callahan has shown countless people of all ages what a dedicated citizen scientist can accomplish and the importance of science in all our lives. The New Jersey State Museum is grateful to Mr. Callahan for his volunteerism. His work to advance STEM concepts for all who visit the Museum is to be commended and publicly recognized. About the New Jersey State Museum Located at 205 West State Street in Trenton, the New Jersey State Museum encompasses three buildings including a state-of-the-art Planetarium and holds over 2 million artifacts in its collections in Archaeology/Ethnography, Cultural History, Fine Art and Natural History. The New Jersey State Museum is a center for the exploration of science, history and the arts. We preserve and share stories that inspire curiosity and creativity for the enrichment of our communities. The Museum is open Tuesday - Sunday, 9:00 am to 4:45 pm. For additional information, visit www.statemuseum.nj.gov, like the Museum’s Facebook page (@NJStateMuseum), follow us on Twitter (njstatemuseum), or Instagram (nj_statemuseum). About the New Jersey State Museum Foundation The New Jersey State Museum Foundation was founded in 1968 as a non-profit 501(c)(3) to support the Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs through fundraising, volunteerism, advocacy and marketing. The New Jersey State Museum Foundation received an operating support grant from the New Jersey Historical Commission, a division of the Department of State. The Foundation has received an Action Grant from the New Jersey Council for the Humanities, a state partner of the National Endowment for the Humanities. In recent years, the Foundation has received generous support from the New Jersey State Council on the Arts, PNC Foundation, NJM Insurance Group, and Princeton Area Community Foundation. The Foundation also operates the Museum membership program, as well as the Museum Shop which sells merchandise related to the Museum's exhibitions and collections, and New Jersey history and culture. Proceeds support the New Jersey State Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate