Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0207.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - DOE - February 7, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State CHOOSE NEW JERSEY AND THE NEW JERSEY-ISRAEL COMMISSION CO-HOST SEMINAR ON STARTING A BUSINESS IN NEW JERSEY TENAFLY, NJ - In an effort to assist Israelis who have recently moved to New Jersey, Choose New Jersey collaborated with the New Jersey-Israel Commission to co-host a seminar aimed at providing entrepreneurs with comprehensive knowledge on starting a business in the State. The event took place on February 6 in Tenafly to cultivate a conducive environment for networking and collaboration among participants, some of whom have been displaced from Israel following the attacks in October. The seminar covered a wide range of topics essential for Israeli business owners looking to establish themselves in New Jersey, including valuable insights into the services offered by Choose New Jersey, the New Jersey Economic Development Authority (NJEDA), and the New Jersey Business Action Center. Participants had the opportunity to learn about visas, setting up bank accounts, employee benefits, and the process of incorporating in New Jersey. Esteemed industry experts shared their expertise and provided guidance throughout the event. "We stand committed to assisting Israelis in establishing thriving businesses within the dynamic landscape of New Jersey,” said Karin Elkis, co-chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “Continuing the important work of fostering collaboration, supporting the entrepreneurial spirit, and bridging innovation across borders is a win-win for both states.” "We are pleased to co-host this seminar with the New Jersey-Israel Commission. It not only aligns with our mission to foster economic growth in the State, but it also allows us to help Israeli businesses that have either temporarily relocated or are looking to expand to the North American market," said Bill Noonan, Chief Business Development Officer at Choose New Jersey . "Entrepreneurs at this event gained a comprehensive understanding of the resources and assistance available to them, enabling them to successfully establish and grow their businesses in New Jersey." Choose New Jersey and the New Jersey-Israel Commission are committed to supporting entrepreneurs as they embark on their journey to build a prosperous future in the State. The event featured the following speakers: Bill Noonan, Chief Business Development Officer at Choose New Jersey Josh Berliner, Executive Director at New Jersey Israel Commission Michael Wildes, Mayor of Englewood and Partner at Wildes & Weinberg P.C Law Office Mark Levenson, Sills Cummis & Gross Don Newman, New Jersey Business Action Center Andrew Gross and Erica Breiterman, New Jersey Economic Development Authority Brian Lee, PNC Bank New Jersey is home to the fourth-largest Israel-born population and the fourth-largest population of Israeli ancestry in the United States and has longstanding ties to Israel. Israeli companies that expand here will find a cultural match within New Jersey’s thriving Jewish communities. Both states share a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation. Israel and New Jersey totaled $1.72 billion in two-way trade in goods in 2022, indicating a strong economic connection that is projected to continue to grow. ABOUT CHOOSE NEW JERSEY Choose New Jersey is the state’s leading non-profit business attraction organization. We harness the collective power of New Jersey’s business, government, labor, and academic sectors to expand New Jersey’s economy. We work globally, using our marketing expertise, concierge business development services, deep knowledge of the state, and convening power, in collaboration with state government, to empower businesses, entrepreneurs, leaders, and innovators to make New Jersey their home. Choose New Jersey’s New Jersey Israel Center was founded in 2023 during Choose New Jersey’s fifth business attraction trip to Israel. In partnership with the New Jersey Israel Commission, the New Jersey Israel Center continues to foster ties between New Jersey and Israel. ABOUT THE NEW JERSEY-ISRAEL COMMISSION The New Jersey-Israel Commissio n was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture, and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. Press Release online Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate