Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0826.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 26, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY ENCOURAGES ELIGIBLE VOTERS TO NOTE IMPORTANT DEADLINES AHEAD OF SEPT. 18 SPECIAL GENERAL ELECTION TRENTON, NJ, August 26, 2024 – New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way and the state’s Division of Elections are encouraging eligible voters to note important dates approaching for the upcoming Sept. 18 Special General Election for the United States House of Representatives - 10th Congressional District. “Eligible voters in the 10th Congressional District can feel confident knowing the voting process is safe, simple and secure with three convenient ways to vote,” said Lieutenant Governor Way. “They can choose to participate in the early voting period, which is Sunday, Sept. 8 though Monday, Sept. 16, vote by mail, or vote in their polling location on Special General Election Day, Sept. 18.” “Essex, Hudson and Union County voters in the 10th Congressional District should utilize the VOTE.NJ.GOV website to ensure they are aware of the important dates and deadlines surrounding the upcoming Special General Election,” said Acting Director of the Division of Elections Donna Barber. “They will find everything they need in one convenient location to participate in the election.” Following are details and important dates on the upcoming Special General Election for the United States House of Representatives - 10th Congressional District: August 28 Voter Registration Deadline for the Special General Election. Voters can use the voter search tool at https://voter.svrs.nj.gov/registration-check to make sure their registration status is up to date. September 4 Mailing of Sample Ballots for the Special General Election. September 8 – September 16 In-Person Early Voting Period. No matter where a voter lives in the 10th Congressional District, they can vote their specific ballot at any of their county’s designated in-person early voting locations. Find the county’s locations on www.nj.gov/state/elections/special-election.shtml#earlyvoting . In-Person Early Voting hours for early voting locations will be Friday - Saturday, 10 a.m. – 8 p.m. and Sunday, 10 a.m. through 6 p.m. No appointment is necessary. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. September 11 Deadline to apply for a Mail-In Ballot by Mail for Special General Election. Registered voters can apply for a vote-by-mail ballot by following the instructions found on the state’s Vote-By-Mail page, https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-by-mail.shtml , or by contacting their County Clerk. Then, VOTE and RETURN the ballot one of the following ways: Secure Ballot Drop Box : Voters can place the vote-by-mail ballot in one of their county’s secure ballot drop boxes by 8:00 p.m. on Special General Election Day. Drop box locations can be found on the state’s Secure Ballot Drop Box Locations page: www.nj.gov/state/elections/special-election.shtml#dropbox . Board of Elections Office : Delivery of a vote-by-mail ballot can be done in person to a county’s Board of Elections Office by 8:00 p.m. on Special General Election Day. County Election Officials’ contact information can be found on the state’s County Election Officials page: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-county-election-officials.shtml . Mail : A vote-by-mail ballot MUST be postmarked on or before 8:00 p.m. on Special General Election Day, Sept. 18 and be received by the county’s Board of Elections on or before the sixth day after the close of the polls. September 14 Deadline for Application to Receive Special General Election Mail-In Ballots by Electronic Means for Qualified Overseas Civilian and Military Voters. September 17 – by 3:00 p.m. Deadline for In-Person Mail-In Ballot Applications for Special General Election. September 18 Special General Election Day. Vote in person at an assigned polling place, from 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. To locate the assigned polling place, visit www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-polling-location . September 18 Deadline for Post Office Receipt of Mail-In Ballots from the Special General Election. September 18 Deadline for In-Person Submission of Special General Election Mail-In Ballots to County Boards of Election and to Authorized Ballot Drop Boxes. For full details on the Sept. 18 Special General Election, visit VOTE.NJ.GOV , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate