Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0620.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 20, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Jersey Civic Engage Supports 2024 Youth Voter Engagement TRENTON, NJ – Jersey Civic Engage, an initiative within the New Jersey Department of State focused upon growing civic engagement in communities throughout the state, is pleased to share the results of its third annual New Jersey High School Voter Registration Week. Following the 2020 election, in which New Jersey saw the highest youth voter turnout in the nation, Jersey Civic Engage established New Jersey High School Voter Registration Week as an opportunity to build upon that engagement and lay the groundwork for future youth participation. This year’s effort formally welcomed the New Jersey Department of Education as a partner, helping facilitate broader collaboration with schools throughout the state. Jersey Civic Engage also continued to work with the League of Women Voters of NJ’s very successful and award-winning Energizing Young Voters program to reach eligible young voters. April 14-20, 2024 kicked off a period of statewide action in high schools and across communities. Building upon the week of engagement, these efforts continued through May 14, 2024, the deadline to register to vote in order to participate in the Primary Election. This year, the NJ High School Voter Registration Week Program accounted for and influenced 6,409 17 and 18 year old registrations. That’s a 14% increase over last year’s total of 5,606, and a total the last two years of over 12,000 high school student voter registrations that the Program impacted. About Jersey Civic Engage : Jersey Civic Engage is a multi-faceted, non-partisan initiative of the New Jersey Secretary of State’s Office. Its mission is to foster ongoing civic engagement in communities throughout New Jersey, because a healthy democracy needs active and engaged citizens. When people have a stake in their communities they are more likely to involve others and have a reason to vote. Its programs are aimed at facilitating and encouraging collaborative civic engagement throughout the state, with a particular focus on our youth. Its goal is to provide information and tools to increase voter and civic participation by everyday New Jerseyans across and among our diverse communities. In addition to NJ High School Voter Registration Week, Jersey Civic Engage programs and initiatives include the NJ Ballot Bowl (now in its seventh year), Civic Learning Week, Constitution Week, Help America Vote Day, National Voter Education Week, National Voter Registration Day, National High School Voter Registration Week, and National Poll Worker Recruitment Day. Jersey Civic Engage also provides community presentations for our youth as well as guidance and training for organizations interested in promoting civic and voter engagement. For more information about Jersey Civic Engage, visit JerseyCivicEngage.NJ.Gov , follow Jersey Civic Engage on Facebook, X and Instagram at @NJCivicEngage, or send an email to NJDOS@sos.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate