Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njsca/dos_njsca_events.html

New Jersey State Council on the Arts Governor Phil Murphy and Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Military Task Force Report Grant Information Employment Opportunities Flag Status Pay-to-Play Ordinances Commemorative Dates Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Public Notices Proposed Rules Press Releases Reports e-Notification Lists In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Business/Economic Dev Business Action Center Business Advocates Small Business Advocates Export Assistance Planning Advocates Travel & Tourism Motion Picture and Television Commission Non-Profit Portal Arts/History/Cultural Programs Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism Commission on National & Community Service Cultural Trust Historical Commission Office of Faith Based Initiatives State Archives Council on the Arts State Museum War Memorial - Patriots Theater Cultural Heritage Commissions Commission on American Indian Affairs Israel Commission Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional Cultural Heritage Commissions Division of Elections New Jersey State Council on the Arts About the Arts Council Grant Opportunities Programs & Initiatives Meetings & Events Benefits of the Arts Resources Publications Contact The NJ State Council on the Arts Mailing Address: NJ State Council on the Arts P.O. Box 306 Trenton, NJ 08625-0306 Office Address: 225 West State Street, 4th Floor Trenton, NJ 08608 Tel: (609) 292-6130 NJ Relay: 711 Email: Feedback@sos.nj.gov Arts Council Home > Meetings & Events Meetings & Events Public Meetings The New Jersey State Council on the Arts meets a minimum of five times annually in open public session at which it acts on matters of policy, funding, and program development. The Council's Annual Meeting, at which it elects officers, adopts a program plan and budget, and approves the majority of grant awards, is traditionally held on the 4th Tuesday in July, in Trenton, New Jersey. Other meetings are conducted either virtually or at various locations around the state. All are conducted at fully accessible sites and the public is enthusiastically invited to attend. Persons who have sight, hearing or other disabilities are encouraged to notify the Council office two weeks in advance of any meeting so that appropriate accommodations may be arranged. In keeping with the Open Public Meetings Act, notice of each public meeting is shared with the required media outlets, posted in the Office of the Secretary of State, on the Council’s website, and shared via social media. FY25 Council Public Meeting Dates: October 29, 2024 December 17, 2024 February 11, 2025 May 20, 2025 July 22, 2025 Information for each meeting will be shared via the Council’s website, newsletters, and social media at least four weeks prior to each meeting date. Please note: Dates and times listed here are subject to change. Grant Application Workshops In order to better familiarize prospective applicants with the Council’s various organizational and individual artist grant programs, Council staff annually conduct a battery of technical assistance workshops, webinars, and open office hours. Information about the Council’s technical assistance workshops are shared widely in grant guidelines, on the Council website, and via social media. Please visit the Grant Opportunities page for more information about grant application technical assistance. Arts Annual Starting in 1984, the Council cosponsored two major exhibitions of the work of New Jersey artists - one in fine arts and the other in crafts - at major New Jersey museums. Since 2010, the Arts Annual has consisted of one exhibition per year. Each exhibition will continue to be featured at one of seven major New Jersey museums, and will be curated by the host museum. The participating museums include Montclair Art Museum, Morris Museum, The Newark Museum of Art, New Jersey State Museum, The Noyes Museum of Art, Rowan University Art Gallery, and Zimmerli Art Museum. Artists living and working in New Jersey are invited to submit entries. To get updates, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | Accessibility Statement Department: Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2001- 2025 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate