Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-1202a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 2, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Department of State Welcomes Awilda Pomales-Diaz as the new Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced the newest appointment to the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, Awilda Pomales-Diaz will serve as Executive Director. Awilda will play an integral role in the continuing development and expansion of the Commission. “Awilda brings a wealth of experience in government and exciting new ideas to reach New Jersey’s Puerto Rican community,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the Puerto Rico Commission in her capacity as Secretary of State. “I know that Awilda will grow the Commission’s relationships and reach across our state and I am thrilled to welcome her to the Commission and to the Department.” ”Awilda Pomales-Diaz was a valued member of our team from the earliest days of our Administration and I’m excited to see her return to government service,” said Governor Phil Murphy. “The New Jersey-Puerto Rico Commission plays a key role in boosting ties between New Jersey and Puerto Rico. I know Awilda is the right leader to advance the Commission’s important work.” “I want to express my sincere gratitude and excitement for this opportunity to serve the State of New Jersey and focus on the core mission of mutual success for the Garden State and for the Island,” said Awilda Pomales-Diaz, “It's a privilege to work for an Administration and a Commission dedicated to this important policy and economic work.” Prior to her return to the Murphy Administration, she gained experience on the private sector through her position as a Senior Account Executive at an NYC-based boutique lobbying firm, focusing on government affairs and public relations for corporate clients. Her work as the former Policy Director for New Jersey Senate Majority Leader Ruiz included overseeing her extensive legislative portfolio and budget advocacy. “I am very proud to welcome Awilda and look forward to her bringing the experience of working with the Governor and different levels of government to the Commission,” said Commission Co-Chair Peggy Anastos. As a Senior Legislative Aide within the Office of Governor Phil Murphy, she was part of the team responsible for relationship building and collaboration with the Legislature. She began her career as an intern with the Office of Senator Cory Booker and subsequent legislative staffer positions in Hudson and Bergen Counties helped influence her passion for government. Awilda is a graduate of Saint Peter’s University and currently resides in her hometown Jersey City. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate