Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-0723.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 23, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $15.7 Million in Grants Investment Strengthens Economic and Creative Vitality of Communities in Every County TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey State Council on the Arts awarded more than $15.7 million in grant funding to support 700 arts organizations, projects, and artists throughout the state. The awards were announced at the Arts Council's 53nd Annual Meeting held at the New Jersey State Museum in Trenton. "It is an honor to lead a department that invests in the people of New Jersey in such diverse and meaningful ways," said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. "Grants through the State Arts Council have a direct positive impact on New Jersey residents, families and communities. The return on the investment is undeniable, and we are grateful to today's award winners for the important work they do." Council Chair Elizabeth Mattson remarked, "New Jersey's creative industries play a key role in our success - from the economy and education to wellness and cross-cultural understanding. The arts provide an opportunity for people from all backgrounds to engage with one another, and to share ideas and stories that can change lives." The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis reports that the arts and culture sector contributes $22.1 billion to New Jersey's economy, representing 3.8% of the state's GDP-a larger share than several other industries in the state. Learn more about why the Arts Matter in New Jersey . The Council receives funding from the State of New Jersey through the Hotel/Motel Occupancy Fee legislation passed in 2003, which established a dedicated revenue source to support arts, history, and tourism. Additionally, the Arts Council receives annual competitive grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. Funding decisions are made through a transparent, merit-based, and rigorous grants process that assures access and equity. Independent panels evaluate grant applications to eliminate the possibility for conflict of interest. Additionally, 20 organizations and projects received Citations of Excellence in recognition of the highest competitive evaluations by the panels of specialists. View a list of FY20 Grants by County . View a list of FY20 Grants by Category/Discipline . View a list of those honored with FY20 Citations of Excellence . The New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council receives direct appropriations from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated, renewable Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee, as well as competitive grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. To learn more about the Council, please visit www.artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate