Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-0926.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 26, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2019 NJ History Conference: New Jersey Women Make History Conference to Explore and Celebrate the Stories of Women throughout NJ State History TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is pleased to announce New Jersey Women Make History , the 2019 New Jersey History Conference, scheduled for Friday, November 1, 2019 at Douglass Residential College, Rutgers University – New Brunswick. The NJ History Conference is an annual program established to underscore the importance of studying and sharing local history. The 2019 event will explore and celebrate the stories of the diverse women who made and continue to make New Jersey history, paving the way for the centennial of the Nineteenth Amendment and women’s suffrage in 2020. The 2019 conference keynote speaker is Dr. Keisha N. Blain, Associate Professor of History at the University of Pittsburgh, Editor-In-Chief of The North Star , and President of the African American Intellectual History Society (AAIHS). Dr. Blain is the author of the award-winning book, Set the World on Fire: Black Nationalist Women and the Global Struggle for Freedom (University of Pennsylvania Press, 2018). Conference breakout sessions will explore a variety of areas showcasing the historical impact of women across New Jersey, the nation, and the world. This includes, but is not limited to, presentations on women in the arts, women during the Vietnam War, female trailblazers in education and professional life, and medicine, and new research and archaeological discoveries in women’s history. “As we look ahead to 2020 and the centennial of the Nineteenth Amendment, it is imperative that we reflect on the contributions of New Jersey women over time. The history of the Garden State is marked by women breaking barriers and leading change,” said Historical Commission Director Sara Cureton. Conference registration is now open with a special early-bird rate through October 7, 2019. For registration and more information including a conference preliminary program, please visit history.nj.gov and follow the NJHC on Twitter @OfficialNJHC and Facebook @NewJerseyHistoricalCommission . The 2019 conference is co-sponsored by Douglass Residential College, the Department of History, Rutgers University - New Brunswick, the Middlesex County Office of Arts and History, the New Jersey State Archives, and the New Jersey State Museum. About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate