Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0205.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 5, 2020, Israel Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey and Israel Honor Righteous Holocaust-era Diplomats Ceremony at NJ TRANSIT’s Secaucus Junction Raises Awareness of Holocaust amid Rising Antisemitism Secaucus, NJ – In a special ceremony, the New Jersey – Israel Commission, part of New Jersey Department of State, together with the Consulate General of Israel in New York, marked the opening of the first-ever exhibition in NJ TRANSIT’s Frank R. Lautenberg Rail Station in Secaucus in honor of International Holocaust Remembrance Day. The exhibit is entitled “Beyond Duty: Diplomats Recognized by Yad Vashem as Righteous Among the Nations” and features panels of diplomats from around the world who played a critical role in saving lives during the Holocaust. Each was recognized by Yad Vashem, the World Holocaust Remembrance Center for their heroic efforts. These diplomats risked their lives attempting to save as many Jews as possible in their attempt to provide them with passports, visas, and travel permits to escape Nazi-occupied Europe. The ceremony, organized in cooperation with NJ TRANSIT, was attended by New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, Consul General of Israel in New York Ambassador Dani Dayan, NJ TRANSIT Deputy Chief Financial Officer Jeff Bernstein, New Jersey Director of Homeland Security and Preparedness Jared Maples, New Jersey – Israel Commission Executive Director Andrew Gross, New Jersey – Israel Commission Chair Mark Levenson, New Jersey Transit Police Chaplain Rabbi Yosef Carlebach, and Holocaust survivor Edward Mosberg. This widespread support further emphasized the significance of the Holocaust memorial exhibit. “All over the world, we join with our brothers and sisters to commemorate Holocaust Remembrance Day,” said Governor Phil Murphy. “Through today’s ceremony and exhibition, we affirm our resolution to ensure that we learn from its history and that we will always remember the lives lost to the Holocaust.” “The unveiling of today’s exhibit sends a powerful message that New Jersey is not only ensuring that we remember the Holocaust but demonstrating to the public the need to celebrate those heroes who acted selflessly and bravely in one of the darkest moments in human history,” said Secretary Tahesha Way. “As we continue to confront the rising tide of hate and Antisemitism in our state and nation, I am proud of this initiative and believe it will inspire so many to remember that we all have the capacity within us to act courageously and stand for what is right.” Located just a few miles from Jersey City, the site of the tragic antisemitic attack this past December, the exhibit serves to educate the public about stepping up for humanity and the diversity of voices which came together to defy instructions and save lives. Ambassador Dani Dayan, Israel’s Consul General in New York, views the importance of the exhibit as a timely matter: “It is our duty to make sure that never again really means never again, and the way to do this is through awareness. This exhibit serves as a beacon of hope and a lesson to each and every one of us, reminding us to take the high road when hate rears its ugly head.” This same exhibit was featured in the United Nations Visitors’ Lobby last year, and was sponsored by the Permanent Missions of Israel, Peru, and Portugal to the United Nations. The exhibit was created by Israel’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Yad Vashem. It will be on display in Secaucus Junction’s main rotunda until February 19th with the support of NJ TRANSIT. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate