Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/culturaltrust/ct-featured-grant-recipients-cape-may-mac.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - NJ Cultural Trust - Technology Upgrade: Cape May MAC Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Cultural Trust The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Featured Grant Recipients Technology Upgrade: Cape May MAC, Cape May County A Cape May MAC bus tour carries visitors to historic locations throughout Cape May, NJ. Photo courtesy of Cape May MAC. Cape May MAC (Museums+Arts+Culture) supports the preservation, interpretation, and cultural enrichment of Cape May through the stewardship of several historic properties and by offering a range of cultural programming, including tours, festivals, music and theatre performances, and educational programs. Cape May MAC received a $35,000 grant for a technology upgrade project through the Cultural Trust’s FY22 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for History Organizations program. Technology changes quickly and is essential to organizational operations. By investing in new software, equipment, and strategies, arts and culture nonprofits can grow their capacity, align with changing industry standards, and better meet the needs of their audiences. The Cultural Trust supports the one-time purchases of software and equipment, as well as the engagement of experts to support technology upgrades through consultation and training. For Cape May MAC, the COVID-19 pandemic and the organization’s subsequent shift to largely offering virtual programming highlighted the need to expand its technological capacities. One area they identified as a priority for modernization was Cape May MAC’s long-running events guide, “This Week in Cape May,” or TWICM. The publication includes thousands of listing each year, highlighting both Cape May MAC’s extensive programming and events offered by partner organizations throughout Cape May. For most of Cape May MAC’s history, TWICM was primarily a print publication, with around 12 issues printed annually. Cape May MAC’s Cultural Trust grant supported the engagement of a consultant to create a mobile app version of TWICM. The new Cape May MAC app launched in late 2022 in the Apple and Google Play stores. The app has enhanced the functionality and reach of the traditional TWICM publication, delivering up-to-date event information in a clean and easy-to-use format. Additionally, Cape May MAC identified many “sustained benefits” of the project: The app reduces the need for print publication and saves the organization money on printing costs every year, it generates revenue through ticket sales and digital advertising opportunities, and it offers new ways for Cape May MAC to reach and grow their audience, including geotargeting and push notifications. Through these long-term financial and institutional benefits, the grant project has laid the groundwork for ongoing investments and organizational success. Learn more about Cape May MAC: https://capemaymac.org/ The Cape May MAC app is available in the Apple and Google Play stores. Image courtesy of Cape May MAC. Read About Past Grantees Cash Reserve: Algonquin Arts Theatre, Monmouth County Capital Equipment Purchase: North Jersey Concert Band, Bergen County Strategic Planning/Assessment: JAZZ HOUSE KiDS, Essex County Technology Upgrade: Cape May MAC, Cape May County Strategic Planning/Assessment: Alice Paul Institute, Burlington County New Staff Position: Institute of Music for Children, Union County Technology Upgrade: Morris Museum, Morris County Page Last Updated: 05/17/24 NJ Cultural Trust Grant Opportunities Trust Information News and Features Grant Features Cultural Trust Features Press Releases Resources Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate