Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/ofbi-about.shtml

NJ DOS - NJ Office of Faith Based Initiatives - About the Office Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Office of Faith Based Initiatives The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State About the Office Mission Statement The mission of the New Jersey Office of Faith Based Initiatives (NJOFBI) is to eliminate barriers to funding and other resource opportunities; create greater access for partnership and enhance the capacity of faith and community based organizations (FBCOs) to create and implement innovative approaches that are designed for community and economic transformation. OFBI Goals Develop grant opportunities designed to support FBCOs to develop, design, create, innovative solutions that address conditions that negatively impact those that are socially and economically disenfranchised; Create greater access to funding and other resource opportunities; Provide innovative capacity building, training and technical assistance opportunities designed to improve the day to day implementation of programs and enhance organizational efficiency; Nurture an environment that allows for the development of revenue generating models designed to address social issues and position FBCO’s to gain access to private capital for scale. Grant Opportunities Social Innovation Special Projects Capacity Building and Infrastructure Development: Project Applied Training Lasting Solutions (ATLAS) Social Enterprise Entrepreneurship Development (SE2D) SE2D Growth SE2D Startup ABOUT THE OFBI TEAM: Executive Director, Edward LaPorté Edward (Eddie) LaPorté was born in New York City and has lived in New Brunswick, New Jersey for over 30 years, where he was raised and educated. His mother was born In Cuba and his Father in Puerto Rico. He has two sons. Kyle LaPorte, Graduated from Rutgers University in May 2020, and Angel LaPorte is currently attending University of New Haven on a football scholarship. He is the Executive Director of the NJ Office of Faith Based Initiatives in the Department of State where he has been leading its efforts for the past 20 years. Eddie is an alumnus of both Rutgers University and Kean University. Mr. LaPorte is a dedicated bilingual professional; he has vast experience in designing, developing, promoting and launching approaches that address the needs of communities that are socially and economically disenfranchised. His experience in community development, training and technical assistance, program design and evaluation and impact assessment were enhanced while working for various agencies and non-profit organizations. Eddie is also an adjunct professor for the Rutgers Business School where he teaches social entrepreneurship. He has also taught at Kean University and Seton Hall. Program Officer, Luisa Soto Luisa Soto has been with the New Jersey Office of Faith Based Initiatives for over 2 years. Prior to joining the invaluable team of the Office of Faith based Initiatives, Ms. Soto has worked in the public sector for over 20 years. During her time with the state, she has taken on various roles in other state agencies namely, New Jersey Law and Public Safety – A-901 Unit, Department of Community Affairs and with the Center for Hispanic Policy Research and Development, another division within the NJ Department of State. Communications Officer, Zainab Syed Zainab Syed joined the OFBI during the pandemic in 2020, soon after her role as a Grants Administrator with the Census NJ team. Her invaluable expertise and her dedication to work with Community, for the community at large lead to her taking on her new role with the OFBI. Zainab has volunteered with countless local community based organizations while working in her various roles as an IT specialist. Zainab received a double bachelors in Computer Science and Pre-Medical Sciences from Rutgers University, Newark campus. She was on her way to complete her Masters in Computer Engineering when she decided to follow her heart and do something more fulfilling, which was giving back to the community by helping with grassroots community projects. Since then she has always worked on projects that are close to her heart. When she is not working, she is volunteering or spending time at home with her lone surviving cat, kady and her 2 surviving cockatiels, Amelia and Nour. Advisory Committee Members Rev. Calvin Mckinney , Chair Marlene Lao-Collins Garvester Kelley, Jr Lee Zandstra Rabbi Amy Joy Small Rev. Floyd White III Rev. Dr. David Ireland, Ph.D. Tanya Poteat ex-officio members Tahesha Way , Secretary of State Darcella Sessomes Nina Mosley Edward LaPorté , Director About the Office Grant Opportunities Webinars Resources Freedom Schools OFBI Peer Review Events Sustainable Development Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate