Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0311.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - March 11, 2020, Historical Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Mock Election Inspired by NJ’s 19th Amendment Centennial Engages over 35,000 Students Statewide NJ Vote 100 Mock Election marks the centennial of New Jersey’s ratification of the 19th Amendment TRENTON, NJ - NJ Vote 100, an online mock election for New Jersey students inspired by the centennial of New Jersey’s ratification of the 19th Amendment on February 9, 2020, has officially concluded, engaging more than 35,000 students statewide. Students voted in favor of having Daylight Savings Time all year and requiring the school day in New Jersey to start no earlier than 8:30 a.m. The mock election was a collaborative effort between the New Jersey Center for Civic Education’s NJ Mock Election and NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 (NJ Women Vote), a statewide partnership of over 70 New Jersey organizations engaged in planning programs to mark the centennial of the passage of the 19th Amendment and women’s suffrage in New Jersey. NJ Women Vote is led by the New Jersey Historical Commission, a division of the New Jersey Department of State, and the Alice Paul Institute. NJ Vote 100 was open to students in grades 4 to 12. In total, 35,073 students cast ballots, with schools from all of New Jersey’s congressional districts participating. The mock election coincided with New Jersey’s 100-year anniversary of ratifying the 19th Amendment, which occurred on February 9, 2020. The Amendment officially banned states from denying citizens the right to vote on the basis of sex. NJ Vote 100 provided a platform for New Jersey students to commemorate this occasion and engage with the democratic process in an educational and community-centric manner. New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, who serves as New Jersey’s top elections official and as co-chair of NJ Women Vote alongside New Jersey First Lady Tammy Murphy, visited a 7th grade class at Weehawken High School in February to discuss the importance of voting with students. “The history of voting in America, and in New Jersey, is key for students learning about their role as members of an informed electorate,” said Secretary Way, “We hope that the NJ Vote 100 mock election got students excited about voting and set a foundation for future civic engagement.” All students who participated in the mock election voted on two public issue questions: whether New Jersey should have Daylight Saving Time all year and if New Jersey law should require schools to start after 8:30 a.m. In addition to voting on these questions, students in grades 6–12 were able to vote on a primary candidate for their chosen political party. Students could vote using an online ballot or a representative from each participating school or school district collected voting results and submitted on behalf of the school. Students who voted individually online utilized a “ranked choice” voting method in which they could rank primary candidates in accordance with preference. The results of the election determined that the majority of students in all grades voted against eliminating Daylight Savings Time. Similarly, the majority of students voted in favor of school starting no earlier than 8:30 a.m. In the Democratic primary mock election, former Vice President Joe Biden won the popular vote among students in congressional districts 1 and 6, while Senator Bernie Sanders won the popular vote across all other districts. President Donald Trump yielded a victory in all of New Jersey’s congressional districts for the Republican primary mock election. For a more detailed explanation of the NJ Vote 100 results, please visit https://njmockelection.org/results . About NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 is multifaceted initiative featuring a year-long series of events, programs, and projects in 2020 set to mark the centennial of the passage of the 19th Amendment in New Jersey. The New Jersey Historical Commission , in collaboration with the non-profit Alice Paul Institute , has gathered over seventy partners, representing a range of historical and cultural organizations, women’s groups, government agencies, libraries, and higher education institutions to help plan this pivotal year’s activities. To learn more about NJ Women Vote, please visit our website and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram @NJWomenVote100. You can also join our email list by contacting NJWV Communications Assistant Erica Meline at njwomenvote100@gmail.com . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate