Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-king-commission.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission Statutes NJSA 52:9Z-1 Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission established NJSA 52:9Z-2 Appointment of co-chairpersons NJSA 52:9Z-3 Members; terms, filling of vacancies, reimbursement NJSA 52:9Z-4 Duties of the commission NJSA 52:9Z-5 Rights of the commission NJSA 52:9Z-1 Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission established There is established in the Department of State the Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission. The commission shall consist of 45 members: a. a representative of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change to be appointed by the Governor and to serve at the pleasure of the Governor; b. a representative of the Governor's office to be appointed by the Governor and to serve at the pleasure of the Governor; c. four members of the Senate to be appointed by the President thereof, no more than two of whom shall be from the same political party; d. four members of the General Assembly to be appointed by the Speaker thereof, no more than two of whom shall be from the same political party; and e. 35 public members to be appointed by the Governor. The public members shall be residents of the State and shall represent the various geographical areas of the State; shall represent various civic, social, religious, educational, business and artistic organizations; and shall be committed to resolving conflict and to upholding the humanitarian philosophy of Dr. King. L.1989,c.188,s.1. NJSA 52:9Z-2. Appointment of co-chairpersons The Governor shall select two public members to serve as co-chairpersons. L.1989,c.188,s.2. NJSA 52:9Z-3. Members; terms, filling of vacancies, reimbursement Legislative members shall serve during the two-year legislative term in which the appointment is made. Public members shall serve for a term of two years and until their respective successors are appointed and qualified. Vacancies in the membership shall be filled for the balance of the unexpired terms in the same manner as the original appointments were made. Members of the commission shall serve without compensation but shall be reimbursed for expenses actually incurred in the performance of their duties. L.1989,c.188,s.3. NJSA 52:9Z-4. Duties of the commission The commission shall: a. develop, coordinate, and advise the Governor and Legislature of Statewide activities in honor of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s birthday; b. establish programs designed to educate the citizens of New Jersey about Martin Luther King, Jr. and the civil rights movement; c. meet with other groups and organizations in order to coordinate events and seek volunteers who are willing to donate their talents; and d. receive donations, through fund-raising activities and contributions, from individuals and public and private organizations in order to carry out its responsibilities and to address the needs of Dr. King's living memorial, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change. L.1989,c.188,s.4. NJSA 52:9Z-5. Rights of the commission The commission is entitled to call to its assistance and avail itself of the services of the employees of any State, county or municipal department, board, bureau, commission or agency which it may require and which may be available to it for these purposes and to employ stenographic and clerical assistants and incur traveling and other miscellaneous expenses necessary to perform its duties, within the limits of funds appropriated or otherwise made available to it for these purposes. L.1989,c.188,s.5. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate