Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0418.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 18, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Governor Murphy, Lieutenant Governor Way Announce Rajpal Bath as Inaugural Executive Director of the New Jersey-India Commission Trenton, NJ - Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Rajpal (Raj) Bath as the inaugural Executive Director of the New Jersey-India Commission. With a robust background in community engagement and advocacy, Raj brings a wealth of experience to this critical role. "Having worked closely with Raj while he served as a senior aide in my office, I am thrilled to announce him as the inaugural Executive Director of the New Jersey-India Commission. His dedication to serving our communities and his expertise in navigating complex issues will undoubtedly benefit our state," said Governor Murphy . "As New Jersey’s Indian American population continues to grow, this newly established commission will ensure the cultural and economic ties between New Jersey and India are fostered for generations to come.” "Raj's commitment to fostering collaboration and driving positive change makes him the ideal leader for this position," said Lt. Governor Way, who oversees the Commission in her capacity as Secretary of State . "I look forward to working closely with him to advance the Commission's mission." In February 2024, Governor Phil Murphy signed Executive Order No. 354 establishing the New Jersey-India Commission, which falls under the Department of State in February 2024. The commission will be charged with advancing bilateral trade and investment and encouraging economic development in both New Jersey and India. As India is the most populous country in the world with one of the fastest-growing economies, the commission aims to promote cultural and educational exchanges between New Jersey and India and to promote sustainable long-term economic growth. "The New Jersey India Commission is honored to have Raj Bath at the helm,” said New Jersey-India Commission Chair Wes Mathews . “His leadership will be instrumental in deepening our relationships with the Indian community and promoting cultural exchange." Raj Bath joins the Commission from his previous role as Senior Aide to Governor Phil Murphy, where he demonstrated his ability to address complex issues and forge meaningful partnerships. His Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Hofstra University, coupled with his extensive leadership experience, positions him as a capable leader ready to steer the Commission toward its goals. "I am deeply grateful to Governor Murphy, Lt. Governor Way, and Chair Matthews for entrusting me with this important responsibility, " remarked New Jersey-India Commission Executive Director Raj Bath . "I am committed to leveraging the Commission's platform to strengthen the bonds between New Jersey and India, and I look forward to serving our diverse communities." Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate