Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos_culture_heritage.html

New Jersey Department of State - Cultural Heritage Commissions Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Cultural Heritage Commissions Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Commission on American Indian Affairs New Jersey-Israel Commission New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Hellenic American Heritage Commission Arab-American Heritage Commission The commission is authorized to study, recognize and share information on Arab heritage, culture and history as it relates to Americans of Arab ancestry and their contributions to the State of New Jersey. The commission also provides expertise to the Department of Education in an effort to develop content and curriculum guides on the heritage, culture and history of Americans of Arab ancestry to both public and non-public schools in the effort to promote tolerance and respect for all citizens of the state. The commission will also assist the Department of State in the coordination of events that recognize and share Arab American culture and heritage with the observance of Arab heritage month in April of each year. Asian American Study Foundation This Foundation is established as a non-profit organization devoted to developing and coordinating state wide programs that recognize the continuing contributions of Asian Americans to the State of New Jersey. The Board of Trustees will be responsible for the establishment of guidelines and By-Laws setting forth the structure, offices, powers and duties of the foundation. Observance of various heritage, cultural and historic events will be coordinated by the Foundation in recognition of those Americans of Asian ancestry. The Foundation members will have representative from several state agencies that will foster collaboration to enrich education and promote tourism and economic development between the State of New Jersey and the countries of Asia. Ethnic Advisory Council The Ethnic Advisory Council is comprised of members appointed by the Governor to make recommendations regarding issues on ethnic studies and programs offered in public schools, colleges and the State University. The Council is also responsible for increasing the participation of ethnic organizations in governmental affairs; providing community and social services; promoting ethnic and cultural events; providing expertise on polices that may impact ethnic communities and increase public awareness of the rich ethnic history and culture of the state. New Jersey-India Commission Purpose: The New Jersey-India Commission was established by Governor Phil Murphy to deepen existing ties and forge new partnerships between New Jersey and India. Mission: The people of New Jersey and India have shared a strong bond for generations. With the New Jersey-India Commission, we are working to strengthen that bond even further by promoting new economic, educational, and cultural opportunities between our two regions. New Jersey is proud to be home to one of the largest Indian American populations in the United States. And India, as one of the most populous countries in the world with one of the fastest-growing economies, will continue to be a vital trade and investment partnership for New Jersey in the decades to come. Through the New Jersey-India Commission, we are working to deepen ties and promote long-term growth and prosperity – both in New Jersey and India. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate