Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njic-2020-clean-energy.shtml

NJ Department of State - New Jersey-Israel Commission - Clean Energy Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey-Israel Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Secretary of State CSIT, NJEDA, and NJ-Israel Commission Promote Funding Opportunity for Clean Energy Sector Businesses and Researchers Encourages Research Collaboration Between New Jersey and Israel CONTACT: media@njeda.com (Newark, New Jersey) (May 14, 2020) – The New Jersey Commission on Science, Innovation and Technology (CSIT), the New Jersey Economic Development Authority (NJEDA), and the New Jersey – Israel Commission today encouraged businesses and researchers within the Garden State’s clean energy sector to submit proposals for “BIRD Energy” grant funding of up to $1 million. Entities partnering with an Israeli company or university on a clean-energy project can get more details about the competitive funding opportunities at https://www.birdf.com/bird-energy-call-proposals/ . Executive summaries for the proposals are being accepted through June 30, 2020. BIRD Energy is a collaborative effort between the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), the Israel Ministry of Energy, the Israel Innovation Authority and the Israel - U.S. Binational Industrial Research and Development (BIRD) Foundation. “Governor Phil Murphy unveiled an ambitious Energy Master Plan earlier this year that sets New Jersey on a course to 100 percent clean energy by 2050,” said Brian Sabina, NJEDA Senior Vice President, Office of Economic Transformation “BIRD Energy funding can help small businesses and researchers in New Jersey’s innovation ecosystem play a major role in attaining that ambition.” To be considered, a project proposal should include: Research & development (R&D) cooperation between two companies or cooperation between a company and a university/research institution (one from the U.S. and one from Israel) Innovation in all areas of renewable energy and energy efficiency, such as solar and wind power, advanced vehicle technologies and alternative fuels, smart grid, storage, water-energy nexus, advanced manufacturing, artificial intelligence for energy management, etc. Innovation in natural gas and other associated technologies Significant commercial potential; the project outcome should lead to commercialization The maximum conditional grant is $1 million per project, and no more than 50 percent of the joint R&D budget. “New Jersey has a significant number of businesses in the clean energy sector that are working tirelessly to move the Garden State toward energy independence,” said CSIT Executive Director Judith Sheft. “Connecting these businesses and researchers with the funding they need to conduct groundbreaking work is essential to keeping New Jersey at the forefront of innovation.” The BIRD Foundation works to encourage and facilitate cooperation between U.S. and Israeli companies in a wide range of technology sectors and offers funding to selected projects. “New Jersey companies can greatly benefit from the BIRD program to increase their competitiveness in an increasingly global marketplace,” said Andrea Yonah, BIRD’s U.S. Director of Business Development for the East Coast and Midwest. “In addition to the funding, these collaborations can lead to increased revenue, follow-on investment and validation of their technology.” Yonah noted that, in 2018 and 2019, four New Jersey companies were approved for projects with their partners in Israel. Two out of the four projects are energy-related. The BIRD Foundation believes that there are many more companies in New Jersey that qualify and encourages them to apply. Companies with questions about their proposals – or those seeking an Israeli collaborator – can reach out directly to Yonah at andrea@birdf.com . Andrew Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey – Israel Commission, sees BIRD Energy as critical to furthering the already solid relationship among New Jersey and Israeli companies and researchers in the clean energy sector. “Many thanks to the BIRD Foundation for raising this opportunity with New Jersey,” Gross said. “This Commission continues to cultivate and support the synergy that exists between the Garden State and the Startup Nation so we can strengthen our economy and innovate for the future." About CSIT In August 2018, Governor Phil Murphy signed legislation re-establishing the former New Jersey Commission on Science and Technology as the New Jersey Commission on Science, Innovation and Technology. The Commission is tasked with leading the way in promoting the state as a home for academic and technological research, development, and commercialization. The Commission is comprised of 17 members including the State's Chief Innovation Officer, the Secretary of Higher Education; the Commissioner of Education; and the Chief Executive Officer of the NJEDA. Commission Home About the Commission Statutes & Rules NJ-Israel Relations NJ-Israel Business Grant Opportunities Business Contact Form Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate