Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-1221.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 21, 2020, NJ Film Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The Queen Returns To New Jersey NEWARK, NJ - North Jersey locations are being used for the CBS television series The Equalizer , a new take on the 1980s drama series of the same name. This reboot casts famed New Jersey native Queen Latifah as the latest Equalizer , an enigmatic figure who uses her extensive skills to help those with nowhere else to turn. The character has previously been played by Edward Woodward in the original series and Denzel Washington in movies released in 2014 and 2018. Showrunners and writers Andrew Marlowe and Terri Miller are producing the new series with Latifah and original co-creator Richard Lindheim. Filming will continue through Spring 2021, in Newark, Jersey City, Paterson and other towns. Latifah was born in Newark, grew up in East Orange and came to fame as a rap artist. Now a film and TV veteran, she has starred in Chicago, Living Single, Hairspray, Girls Trip and Bessie . In 2019, Latifah headlined a Jersey-themed performance at the MTV Video Music Awards in Newark. In The Equalizer , she stars alongside Adam Goldberg, Chris Noth, Laya DeLeon Hayes, Lorraine Toussaint, Tory Kittles and Liza Lapira. The show is being produced by Universal Television. “This is great news and is exactly the type of activity we envisioned when we reinstated the film and television tax credit two years ago,” said Governor Phil Murphy. “A network series filming in New Jersey can generate millions of dollars in economic activity and create hundreds of local jobs for our residents, not to mention showcasing New Jersey’s diverse landscape. This one has the added benefit of showcasing New Jersey’s own Queen Latifah.” The Equalizer is one of many projects recently attracted to the state by the New Jersey Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program, which offers a tax credit for qualified productions filming here. Other recent New Jersey projects include the Netflix action movie Army of the Dead , the HBO miniseries The Plot Against America , Aaron Sorkin’s The Trial of the Chicago 7 , and Steven Spielberg’s upcoming remake of West Side Story . “We are pleased to welcome the cast and crew of The Equalizer and delighted that Essex County’s own Queen Latifah is starring in the series,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. Queen Latifah has appeared in three other feature films made in New Jersey, according to Michael Uslan, Chairman of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission. The Cookout , a 2004 comedy co-starring Ja Rule, Tim Meadows, Jonathan Silverman and Farrah Fawcett, was shot in Bernards Twp., Bernardsville, East Orange and Jersey City. Latifah appeared in the 2007 family film The Perfect Holiday with Morris Chestnut and Gabrielle Union, made in Jersey City, Newark, Englewood, Bergenfield, Ho-Ho-Kus, Clifton, Elizabeth, Warren and Westfield. Just Wright , a romantic comedy released in 2010, had her appearing opposite Common and utilized the Izod Center in East Rutherford, which is currently serving as a studio for The Equalizer . About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate