Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/nonprofit.html

New Jersey Department of State - NonProfit Information Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NonProfit Information New Jersey's Nonprofit Information Center portal is as a one-stop shop for nonprofits in New Jersey seeking to utilize various funding sources and volunteer opportunities available through the State. N.J.S.A. § 52:16A-110 requires the Department of State to maintain, in a single, accessible location, a directory of State departments and agencies that provide resources to assist nonprofits in their daily operations. Accordingly, below, please find links to department and agency webpages dedicated to nonprofit resources. These resources include available funding sources (along with eligibility criteria for such funding), various volunteer opportunities available with or through the State, and other information related to nonprofit operation, such as forms and guidance documents. New Jersey's Nonprofit Information Center portal is an invaluable resource for any nonprofit seeking to operate in New Jersey. Simply put, this portal will save your organization time and money – resources that can more appropriately be devoted to your organization's core mission. Volunteers Making a Difference in New Jersey Please join New Jersey's 1.5 million volunteers who are making a difference in our communities through 170 million hours of service each year. In dollars, their combined service is estimated at $3.5 billion. In terms of meeting the needs of our communities, their value is priceless! Across the Garden State, volunteers mentor and tutor students, prepare and distribute food to the needy, protect and beautify the environment, sustain our arts history and cultural institutions and stand ready to assist during emergencies and disasters. Learn more about a Volunteer Center nearest you. Governor’s Office of Volunteerism New Jersey Commission on National & Community Service AmeriCorps SeniorCorps The Center for Hispanic Policy New Jersey State Museum Office of Faith Based Initiatives Nonprofit Information Links Thinking of Forming a Non-Profit? Charities Registration Section Legalized Games of Chance Commission Center for Non-Profits Pro Bono Partnership The Council of New Jersey Grantmakers Directory of Registered Charities Links provided to non-State entities are for informational purposes only. Such links are not an endorsement of any such entity. State of New Jersey Nonprofit Resources Departments Agriculture Banking and Insurance Children and Families Community Affairs Corrections Education Environmental Protection Health & Senior Services Human Services Labor & Workforce Development Military and Veterans Affairs Law & Public Safety State Transportation Treasury Agencies NJ Board of Public Utilities NJ Economic Development Authority NJ State Library Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate