Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0903.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 3, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State 7TH ANNUAL NEW JERSEY BALLOT BOWL COMPETITION KICKS OFF Statewide Non-Partisan Voter Registration Competition Runs Through Election Day TRENTON, NJ – Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way is celebrating New Jersey college students who are doing their part to encourage voter registration through the 7th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl competition, which kicks off September 3, 2024. The New Jersey Ballot Bowl is an annual statewide non-partisan voter registration and engagement competition, established by Lieutenant Governor Way in her capacity as New Jersey Secretary of State, in which she serves as New Jersey’s chief election official. Since the Ballot Bowl’s establishment, thousands of New Jersey college students have helped their classmates register to vote and participate in our elections. Collegiate-based teams compete within competitive conferences based upon campus size to see who can register the most voters and obtain the most commitments to vote. Each year, young people across New Jersey participate and help their peers on campus, as well as people in the surrounding communities, become New Jersey voters. The competition ends on Election Day, November 5, 2024. “Ballot Bowl is one of my favorite events annually because it’s such a great example of young voters getting enthusiastically involved in our democracy,” said Lieutenant Governor Way. “Each year, we see students across New Jersey join their campus Ballot Bowl team to help their classmates register to vote and participate in our elections. It’s the best kind of competition because it really makes an impact. I applaud their efforts!” NJ Ballot Bowl 2024 is a program of the New Jersey Department of State’s Jersey Civic Engage initiative, and a joint effort with the ALL In Campus Democracy Challenge. It is a statewide non-partisan voter registration and engagement competition led by and for students. This year Ballot Bowl 2024 will again count both pledges to vote and voter registrations as part of the competition. The combined total of registrations and pledges, as a percentage of total student enrollment, determines the winners in each competitive conference. “Voter registration is an initial step in the voting process, but not the only step,” said Acting Director of the Division of Elections Donna Barber. “This friendly competition is also about persuading people to commit to vote. That will mean talking specifically about the value of voting, not about a particular candidate, but how voting affects all of us. We believe that when people feel they have a stake in their community they are more likely to participate in its public life, involve others, and vote.” In 2024, New Jersey voters will vote for candidates for President, US Senator, US House of Representatives, and county and municipal offices. The Ballot Bowl is an important opportunity for young voters to speak to each other about the impact that their votes make in their communities and the nation and how it strengthens democracy. As an additional optional contest within the Ballot Bowl, New Jersey will again be conducting the Ballot Bowl Community Engage competition. This separate and optional contest focuses on teams increasing civic and voter engagement in the broader community that their campus is part of by registering voters and asking for pledges to vote for the November General Election. There will be a formal statewide kickoff event on Tuesday, September 17, 2024 during Constitution Week and National Voter Registration Day at William Paterson University, as well as an award Touchdown Ceremony just after the election. 2024 Ballot Bowl participating schools include: Bergen Community College Berkeley College Brookdale Community College Camden County College Centenary University County College of Morris Drew University Felician University Hudson County Community College Kean University Mercer County Community College Middlesex College Monmouth University Montclair State University New Jersey Institute of Technology Passaic County Community College Princeton University Ramapo College of New Jersey Rider University Rowan College at Burlington County Rutgers University - Newark Rutgers University-New Brunswick Rutgers–Camden The College of New Jersey William Paterson University For full details on the November 5 General Election, visit VOTE.NJ.GOV , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Follow on social media: @NJ_Votes, @NJCivicEngage; #NJBallotBowl, #NJStudentsVote, #NJVotes. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate