Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/business-support/small-business/

Small Business Skip to Content New Jersey Business Action Center Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close Department of State New Jersey Business Action Center The Hon. Tahesha Way, Secretary of State Chat with us or call us at 1-800-Jersey-7 Small Business New Jersey’s small businesses are a critical component to New Jersey’s economy. In fact, the State ranks 11th in the number of small businesses in the U.S., with over 861,000 enterprises and counting. That’s impressive, considering New Jersey ranks 47th in size! The State is spearheading programs that make it easier for small businesses to flourish, including free small business consulting services offered by the New Jersey Business Action Center. If you’re ready to launch or grow your venture, New Jersey is proactive and pro-business. Our office also hosts “Resource for Growth” events throughout the year that match business owners with state and county representatives, lenders, and community partners, including the New Jersey Small Business Development Center and the New Jersey Economic Development Authority. Small Business Advocacy NJBAC’s Small Business Advocates supports small business throughout the state. From startups to main street businesses, our Advocates can help you access a variety of resources tailored to meet your needs including: Mentoring Assistance Whether you are already in business or just starting, having a mentor provides a valuable resource. From creating a business plan to preparing financial statements or developing valuable social media strategies having a business mentor can help your business succeed. The Small Business Advocacy unit will help connect you with programs around the state that offer one on one mentoring opportunities. Financial Resources Our Advocates can refer you to a variety of financing options available to your business through the NJ Economic Development Authority and community based micro-lending organizations. We can identify the specific programs for which your business may be eligible and help locate the resources that best meet your needs. Furthermore, we can assist you with credit repair services to help position a favorable application process. Licensing and Professional Certifications We offer services that can help you trouble shoot issues you may encounter with licensing or professional certifications. Navigating Regulatory Processes Advocating on your behalf, we can coordinate with other state departments to quickly identify any challenges and formulate a sound and effective solution. We can also provide redevelopment guidance and coordination for municipalities and developers. Labor and Workforce Issues Hiring and retaining the right people is crucial to the success of your business. We can guide companies through the variety of state training grants and resources to help you recruit the best staff or train new and current employees. Advocates can help provide information on issues regarding employer responsibilities. Procurement Assistance When it comes to government contracts, New Jersey offers a variety of resources to help small companies take advantage of these important opportunities. From training and technical assistance, to email notification of requests for proposal (RFPs), our Advocates can provide businesses with essential information and be better positioned to compete for government contracts. Export Assistance If you are a small business owner and considering exporting, our Advocates can equip you with valuable information to help you grow your business globally. From exporting basics about regulatory compliance, custom procedures, reporting or other topics we can put you in touch with our team of International Advocates from NJBAC’s Office of Export Promotion who can help you lay the ground work for global success. Business Helpline 1-800-Jersey-7 Staffed by our Advocates, business support is just one call away. We offer guidance in both English and Spanish on starting a business, incorporating, and accessing government resources. Our Call Center also serves as an important resource in the event of emergencies, storms, and other disasters, providing crucial information and guidance to help businesses recover quickly after a crisis. For more information call our Business Helpline 1-800-Jersey-7 or (1-800-537-7397) Resources Workforce Development Visit Business.NJ.gov Small Business Our small business advocates are here for you. If you’re ready to launch or grow your venture in New Jersey, you’ve come to the right place. Mid-Large Business Looking to grow your mid-to-large scale business in New Jersey? Our advocates can connect you with the right state departments and agencies, whether you’re looking to start relocation or expansion projects, connect with research facilities, or access site selection resources. Nonprofit Information This is the one-stop-shop for nonprofits in New Jersey seeking various funding sources, assistance with charity registration, background checks or regulatory matters. Export Information The Office of Export Promotion works with New Jersey’s small and mid-sized companies interested in expanding their products and services through export. Connect With us Call Our Business Helpline 1-800-Jersey-7 (1-800-537-7397) Request a Meeting With Us Business.nj.gov Business.NJ.gov can take your business step-by-step through critical government processes. Want to talk through your specific business needs with a live representative? Visit Business.nj.gov to access the live chat feature and connect with NJBAC experts in real time. Visit Business.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate