Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njsca/dos_njsca_grants-community-arts.html

New Jersey State Council on the Arts Governor Phil Murphy and Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Military Task Force Report Grant Information Employment Opportunities Flag Status Pay-to-Play Ordinances Commemorative Dates Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Public Notices Proposed Rules Press Releases Reports e-Notification Lists In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Business/Economic Dev Business Action Center Business Advocates Small Business Advocates Export Assistance Planning Advocates Travel & Tourism Motion Picture and Television Commission Non-Profit Portal Arts/History/Cultural Programs Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism Commission on National & Community Service Cultural Trust Historical Commission Office of Faith Based Initiatives State Archives Council on the Arts State Museum War Memorial - Patriots Theater Cultural Heritage Commissions Commission on American Indian Affairs Israel Commission Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional Cultural Heritage Commissions Division of Elections New Jersey State Council on the Arts About the Arts Council Grant Opportunities For Organizations For Artists For Arts Education For Community Arts Programs Manage Your Award Programs & Initiatives Meetings & Events Benefits of the Arts Resources Publications Contact The NJ State Council on the Arts Mailing Address: NJ State Council on the Arts P.O. Box 306 Trenton, NJ 08625-0306 Office Address: 225 West State Street, 4th Floor Trenton, NJ 08608 Tel: (609) 292-6130 NJ Relay: 711 Email: Feedback@sos.nj.gov Arts Council Home > Grant Opportunities > Grant Opportunities In Community Arts Grant Opportunities In Community Arts Community Arts Program The Community Arts Program of the New Jersey State Council on the Arts seeks to make the arts an integral part of community life, grow the arts from the grassroots, and extend the benefits of the arts to residents in all corners of the state. This program area includes a battery of funding vehicles, initiatives, and collaborative strategies to support local arts development, folk and traditional arts, community cultural planning, participation building, and connecting the arts to the civic agenda, with special emphasis on improving access to the arts for underserved audiences and communities. Local Arts Program Since 1979 the New Jersey State Council on the Arts has worked in collaboration with the complete network of 21 officially designated County Arts Agencies (CAAs) to provide the people in all corners of the state with access to quality arts experiences in their communities. The Council awards multi-year Local Arts Program Grants to the CAAs to support their local arts development programs, activities, planning, administration and professional development; and to regrant funds to community-based arts organizations and projects, which have local impact. Find Your County Arts Agency Please note: The FY26 documents below are only for the 21 designated County Arts Agencies. Local Arts Program FY26 Guidelines for County Arts Agencies Local Arts Program FY26 Grant Program Rubric Local Arts Program FY26 Application Technical Assistance Folk and Traditional Arts Program Diversity is one of New Jersey's most significant and valuable characteristics. The state's many geographic and demographic settings are interwoven with ethnic, cultural and occupational networks, creating a dynamic array of communities. In them, folk and traditional arts are valued ways of expressing identity and strengthening group ties. To support this cultural richness, as well as the broader public appreciation and understanding of it, the Council has established a multi-faceted Folk Arts Program. New Jersey Heritage Fellowship The New Jersey State Council on the Arts will award up to ten New Jersey Heritage Fellowships to exemplary folk and traditional artists. These Fellowships, which come with an award of $20,000 each, recognize lifetime achievement, artistic excellence, and contributions to our state's living traditional arts heritage. Early Nomination Deadline : January 9, 2025 | 12:00 PM ET Nomination Deadline : February 6, 2025 | 12:00 PM ET New Jersey Heritage Fellowship Nomination Form NJ Heritage Fellowship Rules and Instructions (English) NJ Heritage Fellowship Rules and Instructions (Spanish) Online and In-person information sessions are available November 2024 - January 2025. See Rules and Instructions for dates. Sessions are free, but registration is required. Folk & Traditional Arts Project Grants The Folk & Traditional Arts Project (FTAP) grant program provides emerging to mid-career folk and traditional artists access to opportunities that significantly advance skills in their art form. For this grant opportunity, emerging to mid-career artists are individuals with more than five years of experience in their art forms. Applicants may request up to $10,000 to cover the costs of a structured learning opportunity in their art form. Proposed projects must demonstrate measurable outcomes that the applicant intends to achieve, which furthers their work in their folk and traditional art form. The proposed project outcome must support artmaking skills in folk/traditional art forms that are passed on between two or more artists in an ongoing, structured relationship (i.e. mentor/apprentice, small group learning, and/or directed research). Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter. Folk and Traditional Arts Infrastructure Folk and traditional arts development in New Jersey has been guided by a Folk Arts Infrastructure Plan created with input from folk cultural specialists, folk artists and practitioners, and diverse communities throughout the state. Core to implementation of that plan is the development of a network of regional folklife centers in the state that conduct fieldwork research in their regions and produce and present programs to preserve and highlight the great diversity of folk arts traditions practiced in New Jersey. The Council is proud to support and work closely with our State’s five Folklife Centers: Folklife Center of Northern NJ (Passaic, NJ) Folklife Program for New Jersey (New Brunswick, NJ) Jersey Shore Folklife Center (Tuckerton, NJ) Down Jersey Folklife Center (Millville, NJ) Perkins Folklife Center (Collingswood and Moorestown, NJ) Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | Accessibility Statement Department: Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2001- 2025 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate