Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/culturaltrust/ct-featured-grant-recipients.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - NJ Cultural Trust Featured Grant Recipients Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Cultural Trust The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Grant Features Cash Reserve: Algonquin Arts Theatre, Monmouth County Algonquin Arts Theatre presents The Hunchback of Notre Dame in October of 2023. Photo courtesy of Algonquin Arts Theatre. Based in Manasquan, Algonquin Arts Theatre is a regional performing arts center that presents eight mainstage productions of plays and musicals annually, as well as musical performances, film screenings, and classes and workshops for children and adults. Algonquin received a $40,000 grant in FY23 to grow its existing cash reserve/working capital fund through the Cultural Trust’s Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations program. The Cultural Trust was built on the belief that one of the biggest threats to New Jersey’s nonprofit cultural sector is undercapitalization. An organization without a financial safety net may find it difficult or even impossible to navigate programs that generate uneven cash flow, address unexpected expenses, weather economic downturns, and innovatively plan for the future. According to Algonquin Executive Director Pamela Ward, the negative effects of undercapitalization extend beyond the balance sheet: “While cash on hand is a practical reality, the psychological impacts are just as important.” She added, “You can make much more judicious decisions, better long-term decisions, when you’re not worried about what’s going to happen in the next five weeks.” The Cultural Trust’s cash reserve/working capital fund grants address undercapitalization directly. A working capital fund is a financial cushion used to improve an organization’s cash flow. It can serve as an internal line of credit to cover costs that fall at low points in an organization’s revenue cycle, and it is replenished with revenue as it is earned. Cash reserves are funds that are set aside to ensure stability when unplanned costs arise or revenue unexpectedly falls. Algonquin’s fund functions as both a cash reserve and a working capital fund. The theatre taps into it on a routine basis to pay expenses in advance such as royalties for future shows and artist fee deposits for the upcoming season. This allowed Algonquin to make its full 2024-25 season announcement and begin marketing efforts earlier than it had in previous years, all without affecting cash flow. The fund will be replenished over the course of the season with ticket sale revenue. Meanwhile, the fund is also available to cover unexpected costs in the event of an emergency. Algonquin’s fund has had ripple effects on the entire organization. Ward explained that the reserve not only improves cash flow management and provides a safety net in case of emergencies, but also generates additional revenue in the form of interest income. “The reserve has helped to provide both fiscal and programmatic maturity, providing the opportunity for ongoing institutional advancement,” she said. “The organization has never experienced this level of financial security.” Learn more about Algonquin Arts Theatre: https://algonquinarts.com/ Cultural Trust Executive Director Izzy Kasdin, left, poses for a photo with Algonquin Executive Director Pamela Ward at the theatre during a site visit in August 2023. Photo by Cultural Trust staff. Read About Past Grantees Cash Reserve: Algonquin Arts Theatre, Monmouth County Capital Equipment Purchase: North Jersey Concert Band, Bergen County Strategic Planning/Assessment: JAZZ HOUSE KiDS, Essex County Technology Upgrade: Cape May MAC, Cape May County Strategic Planning/Assessment: Alice Paul Institute, Burlington County New Staff Position: Institute of Music for Children, Union County Technology Upgrade: Morris Museum, Morris County Page Last Updated: 01/17/25 NJ Cultural Trust Grant Opportunities Trust Information News and Features Grant Features Cultural Trust Features Press Releases Resources Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate