Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/museum/explore-planetarium.shtml

NJ DOS - NJ State Museum - Explore The Museum, Planetarium Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey State Museum The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Explore The Museum Planetarium - Public Programs Soar into space in the New Jersey State Museum’s Planetarium! With our Ultra-High Resolution 8K projection system and our 140 spacious, specially-designed reclined seats, your experience is sure to be comfortable and out of this world! Our dynamic and knowledgeable planetarium presenters will take you on tours of New Jersey’s skies and beyond. Public Show Times: Weekdays: Tuesday – Friday, 2:30 pm Saturday and Sunday: 12:00 pm, 1:00 pm, 2:00 pm & 3:00 pm Summer Hours: Tuesday – Friday, 11:30 am, 1:30 pm, 2:30 pm Public shows are roughly 50 minutes total, with full-dome planetarium films preceded by live star talks presented by planetarium staff. Shows for our visitors 8 and younger are roughly 30 minutes long with no pre-show star talk. The Public Show Schedule changes monthly and is listed in our Calendar of Events . Also see our Calendar of Events to find out about our special public programming! The last Saturday & Sunday of each month, a Spanish language show is available at 11:00 am. Ticket Information: Children 2 and under -------------------------Free Children 3 to 12 --------------------------------$5 Ages 13+ ------------------------------------------$10 Veterans/Seniors/Students --------------$9 Groups of 15 or more -----------------------$5 per person. Families First Card or eWIC Card ------Up to 4 Tickets Free Advanced ticket sales are not available; box office opens 30 minutes before the first show School/Group Visits To schedule a school or community group visit to the Planetarium, call (609) 292-1382 or email njsm.reservations@sos.nj.gov Happy Birthday from the New Jersey State Museum! Bring your child to the Planetarium for their birthday and receive a free gift! Just tell the box office when buying tickets and give them the birthday child’s first name. They will give your child the free gift and the Planetarium will announce the birthday before the show! If you call three or more business days in advance, the Planetarium will also add a banner to the dome to celebrate! To add the banner, contact Jacob.Hamer@sos.nj.gov Book a Private Show* Experience our Ultra-High Resolution 8K projection system in an exclusive private show for you and your friends, family or community group. Reservations must be made three weeks in advance. Final head count and full payment is due two weeks in advance with no exceptions. Contact Reservations at (609) 292-1382 or email njsm.reservations@sos.nj.gov . Private shows includes: Show of your choice Star talk before the show Digital banner to celebrate your special occasion displayed on dome before the show No minimum for group size We offer two options: 1. During regular Museum operation hours: $300 for up to 40 people and $5 per person for each additional person up to 140. These private shows are only available on these days and times: Saturday and Sunday: 9:30am and 10:30am Tuesday-Friday: From 9:30am to 2:30pm, depending on availability 2. After-hours for an additional fee: $500 for up to 40 people and $5 per person for each additional person up to 140. After-hours private shows are available on these days and times: Between 4:00pm and 8:00pm Tuesday-Sunday *Please note: This option is for one show only. This is not a space rental. If your group requires planning for a business event including food, presentation stage, sound system or other special considerations you must contact NJSM.rentals@sos.nj.gov to secure a rental contract for use of space. Birthday parties cannot make private use of the public spaces in the building. Planetarium Programs Through Feb. 2 Big Astronomy 12:00 pm weekends A great deal of astronomy is done in the nation of Chile, due to its special climate and location, which creates stable, dry air. With its high, dry, and dark sites, Chile is one of the best places in the world for observational astronomy. “Big Astronomy: People, Places, Discoveries” explores three observatories located in Chile, at extreme and remote places. It gives examples of the multitude of STEM careers needed to keep the great observatories working. The show is narrated by Barbara Rojas-Ayala, a Chilean astronomer. Earth, Moon, Sun 1:00 pm weekends Our most popular show! Discover Earth’s place in the universe, and the patterns in the motion of sun, moon and stars with the help of clever Coyote. EXO: Are We Alone 2:00 pm weekends Humankind has always sought to understand the mysteries of the Universe and speculated about the possibility of extraterrestrial life. Today we know of thousands of exoplanets — planets located outside our Solar System — that offer valuable information about our own planet, its origins and life on Earth. We're on the cusp of making some fascinating discoveries. But how will they change our lives? To Space and Back 2:30 pm weekdays & 3:00 pm weekends Join us as we take an incredible journey from the far reaches of our known universe to our own planet. It is an extraordinary story of human ingenuity and incredible engineering, describing how the technology that transports us through space is paving the way for the devices and apps we use every day. Discover how space exploration is shaping your world in this new fully immersive show. --> Visit Explore Digital Resources Learn Events Support Shop About Astronaut Edwin “Buzz” Aldrin, a native of Montclair, New Jersey, was the second man to stand on the surface of the moon. The visor in his helmet shows a reflection of Astronaut Neil Armstrong (first man on the moon) taking this picture, as well as one footpad of the Lunar Module Eagle and the United States flag planted next to it. Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate