Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/chprd-about-director.shtml

NJ Department of State - Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development - About the Executive Director Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State × Applications to become a placement site for the NJ Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Internship Program are now open. About the Executive Director Marelyn Rivera serves as the Executive Director of the New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development, and as Deputy Chief of Staff in the Office of the Secretary in the Department of State. With over 15 years of experience in both the public and private sectors, Marelyn has worked extensively with local and state governments as well as nonprofit organizations. Before joining the Department of State, Marelyn was the Director of Communications and Outreach for the Department of Environmental Protection. She also worked with Governor Phil Murphy, assisting his office with Latino-related outreach and communication throughout most of his first term. Marelyn served as Chief of Staff for a Hudson County Commissioner prior to joining state government. Additionally, Marelyn has a background in event consulting, managing events, budgets, and brand creative strategies. Her experience includes developing and executing multifaceted marketing strategies and campaigns, particularly in the retail sector, where she held roles such as merchandise coordinator, promotions and eCommerce specialist, and director of marketing. Her passion lies in improving the lives of all New Jerseyans. Marelyn also hosted "North Hudson," a bilingual local access television show that highlighted community leaders and local issues. She has been actively involved in philanthropic and community initiatives, serving as a co-founding trustee of the Hudson County Young Democrats, trustee emeritus of the Jersey City Youth Foundation, and board member of organizations such as Party With Purpose, Latinas United for Political Empowerment Fund (LUPE), and I Am Trenton Community Foundation. She has also volunteered in Guatemala, helping to build homes for families in need. A first-generation college student, Marelyn studied fashion marketing and management at Berkeley College. Raised in Hudson County with family roots in Honduras, she is bilingual in English and Spanish and conversant in Italian. Marelyn resides in Trenton with her son, cat, and dog. About the Center Grant Opportunities Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Internship Program About the Executive Director Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate