Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/volunteer-americorps-2020-0929.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service - AmeriCorps Brings Out the Best of America Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State AmeriCorps Brings Out the Best of America A Message from AmeriCorps CEO, Barbara Stewart - Sept. 29, 2020 Two years ago, at the Corporation for National Service (CNCS), we began to imagine a better way to tell the story of national service. Today, I am delighted to announce the launch of our new brand identity, which I am confident will help make more people aware of their opportunities to serve. Starting today, our agency will begin operating under the name AmeriCorps. Through our new brand identities as AmeriCorps and AmeriCorps Seniors, we will begin to tell a simpler and more unified story of service. I want to thank our AmeriCorps staff and the many stakeholders – State Service Commissions, grantees, sponsors, members and volunteers, alumni, and others – who participated in this initiative over the last two years. Your insights helped us better understand public awareness of our agency and gave shape to a refreshed identity that positions national service for greater impact and growth. As AmeriCorps and AmeriCorps Seniors, we will continue to celebrate and build on the legacy of our national service programs which spans more than 50 years. I am also excited to share a new brand film with you, which will help introduce more people to how service and volunteering tackle the nation’s most pressing challenges. I hope you’ll join us and share this video through your communications channels. The transition to our new brand identity and the new, simplified way we promote our programs will no doubt take some time. We are providing brand resources and frequently asked questions to help organizations navigate this transition in the timelines established for their respective programs. Help us spread the word on social media! We hope that you will join us in promoting how #AmeriCorps members and #AmeriCorpsSeniors volunteers bring out the best of America in communities across the nation. Our Brand Launch Communications Toolkit provides ideas for engagement, talking points, and social media guidance for organizations. Help us amplify the message and join the conversation online with our @AmeriCorps and @AmeriCorpsSr (formerly Senior Corps) accounts. Thank you for bringing out the best in America. Together, we are making service a cornerstone of our national culture and an indispensable part of the American experience. Learn more at AmeriCorps.gov . Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate