Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-1204.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 4, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Exhibition Examines Birds and Their Influence on Our Culture TRENTON, NJ - The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce “Fine Feathered Friends: Birds as Mainstay and Muse,” a new exhibition opening on Saturday, January 4, 2020. The exhibition brings the fun of birdwatching indoors through nearly 200 rarely-seen artifacts and specimens exploring birds as an ecological mainstay and their role as a design-inspiring force, or muse, for New Jersey artisans. The exhibition was made possible in part by support from the New Jersey State Museum Foundation through the Lucille M. Paris Fund. It will be on view in the Riverside Gallery on the Museum’s second floor through September 13. According to exhibit curator Nicholas Ciotola, “These cultural and scientific artifacts provide a unique window into the wild, wonderful world of birds, illustrating how our fine feathered friends have historically influenced and inspired New Jersey decorative art forms.” Dana Ehret, exhibit co-curator, states: “By displaying extinct species like Passenger Pigeons and a Carolina Parakeet, the exhibit also hopes to inspire an appreciation of birds and their importance in our world and the need for continued wildlife preservation in the future.” Exhibition highlights include the porcelain bird sculptures of Trenton ceramist Edward Marshall Boehm, hand-carved duck and shorebird decoys from the coastal and Delaware River carving traditions, and needlework samplers featuring birds that were embroidered by New Jersey schoolgirls. These historical collections are exhibited side by side with scientific study skins and taxidermy mounts from the Museum’s vast ornithological collections. Original hand-colored etchings by artist/naturalist John James Audubon and an exploration of the Audubon movement in New Jersey are also included. A “Science of Birds” section examines bird intelligence, migration and plumage, as well as the amazing diversity that exists among the nearly ten thousand different species of birds worldwide. Visitors will also learn how the Eastern Goldfinch (now called the American Goldfinch) became New Jersey’s State Bird and can design their own take-home button to show their love of birds. The New Jersey State Museum is open 9:00 am to 4:45 pm, Tuesday through Sunday; closed on Mondays and State holidays. The Auditorium Galleries are open Tuesday through Friday, 9:00 am to 4:30 pm; closed on weekends, Mondays and State holidays. General admission is free; donations to the New Jersey State Museum Foundation, a non-government 501(c)3 organization which supports the Museum, gratefully accepted. For additional information, visit www.statemuseum.nj.gov , like the Museum’s Facebook page ( @NJStateMuseum ), follow us on Twitter ( njstatemuseum ), or Instagram ( nj_statemuseum ). About the New Jersey State Museum Located at 205 West State Street in Trenton, the New Jersey State Museum encompasses three buildings including a state-of-the-art Planetarium, and holds over 2 million artifacts in its collections in Archaeology/Ethnography, Cultural History, Fine Art and Natural History. As a center of cultural, educational and scientific engagement, the Museum inspires innovation and lifelong learning through collections, exhibitions, programs and research in science, history and art. Established in 1895, the New Jersey State Museum fosters state pride, serves as a cultivator of tomorrow’s leaders, and engages visitors of all ages and diverse backgrounds in an exploration of New Jersey’s cultural and natural history presented within a global context. About the New Jersey State Museum Foundation The New Jersey State Museum Foundation was founded in 1968 as a non-profit 501(c)(3) to support the Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs through fundraising, volunteerism, advocacy and marketing. In recent years, the Foundation has received generous support from the PNC Foundation, NJM Insurance Group, Department of State/New Jersey Historical Commission, Henry Luce Foundation, Capstone Foundation and Princeton Area Community Foundation. The Foundation also operates a gift shop selling merchandise related to the Museum's exhibitions and collections, as well as items related to New Jersey history and culture. Proceeds support the New Jersey State Museum's collections, exhibitions and programs. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate