Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2015-0806.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 6, 2015 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Historical Commission Approves More than $2.5 Million in Fiscal Year 2016 General Operating Support, Project Grant, Mini-grant Funding Investment Strengthens Administration’s Ongoing Support for Statewide History Organizations TRENTON, N.J. – Advancing the Administration’s efforts to preserve and promote the state’s unique historical legacy, the New Jersey Historical Commission today approved nearly $2.3 million in Fiscal Year 2016 general operating support grants to 84 historical organizations, sites, museums, archives, and libraries statewide. In addition, the Commission approved more than $251,000 for 27 separate project grants and mini-grants to further raise interest in New Jersey's rich and diverse past. “Strengthening New Jersey’s diverse historical and cultural resources is one of the Department of State’s most important responsibilities, and today’s announcement helps to achieve that very goal,” said Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno, who serves concurrently as Secretary of State. “This critical funding will impact a wide array of history-related programming and welcome considerable educational and economic benefits for visitors of all ages and interests. Taken together, this support will raise awareness and understanding of New Jersey’s essential contributions to the American Revolution, civil rights, business, innovation, and more.” The general operating support program assists in the development and improvement of crucial services for historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, libraries, and similar organizations with collections or programming relating to the history of New Jersey. The project and mini-grant programs provide grant support for specific projects that include, but are not limited to, the conservation of historical materials, publication projects, educational initiatives, exhibitions, media projects, public programs, and research projects. Grants can range from up to $3,000 for mini-grants and $15,000 for project grant requests. “It’s hard to overstate how important this grant funding is to New Jersey’s history community,” noted Sara Cureton, executive director of the New Jersey Historical Commission. “It not only provides key staffing and programmatic support for statewide history organizations, but enriches local communities by attracting visitors, investment, and enhancing the overall quality of life.” According to the most recent data available, history organizations that received general operating support welcomed more than two million visitors and supported nearly 700 full and part-time jobs statewide in Fiscal Year 2014. The New Jersey Historical Commission’s grant awards are determined through an independent, third-party peer review process. General operating support and project/mini-grant funding is made possible by a portion of the revenue produced by the state’s Hotel/Motel Tax legislation. View the full list of Fiscal Year 2016 general operating support and project/mini-grant recipients. . The mission of the New Jersey Historical Commission is to enrich the lives of the public by preserving the historical record and advancing interest in and awareness of New Jersey's past. To learn more about its diverse array of programs and services, visit www.history.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate