Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-track-my-ballot.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Track My Ballot Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Track My Ballot How To Track the Progress of Your Ballot Start by signing into your personal My Voter Record account. Log Into My Voter Record If you do not already have a My Voter Record account, you will need to set up an account. Ballot Tracker Status Descriptions A voter's ballot status on the Tracker will be updated by each individual county. The amount of time it takes until updates are posted to the Track My Ballot tool will vary from county to county. Please check back periodically for updates to your ballot status. If you have questions about your ballot status, please call your County Election Officials . Displayed Description N/A Your ballot has not yet been received by your county’s Board of Elections. Received Your ballot has been received by your county’s Board of Elections. The security envelope it was mailed in will be checked to make sure it has been signed. The signature will then be reviewed and compared to make sure that it matches the signature in your voting record. After your ballot is checked it will either be cleared for counting or rejected (see below) A voter's ballot status on the Tracker will be updated to "Received" by each individual county. The amount of time it takes until updates are posted to the Track My Ballot tool will vary from county to county. Please check back periodically for updates to your ballot status. Rejected Ballots can be rejected for a number of reasons, the most prevalent being a missing or non-matching signature. A missing or non-matching signature is the only reason, by law, that a ballot can be ’cured’ and then counted. If your vote by mail ballot was missing your signature or the County Board of Elections has determined that your signature does not match the signature in your voting record, your county Board of Elections will provide you an opportunity to certify that you did, in fact, cast that ballot. That process takes the form of an email, phone call or letter to you from the County Board of Elections that will give you the opportunity to certify that you are voting. A voter's ballot status on the Tracker will be updated to "Rejected" by each individual county. The amount of time it takes until updates are posted to the Track My Ballot tool will vary from county to county. Please check back periodically for updates to your ballot status. Accepted Certifies that your ballot has been counted. A voter's ballot status on the Tracker will be updated to "Accepted" by each individual county. The amount of time it takes until updates are posted to the Track My Ballot tool will vary from county to county. Please check back periodically for updates to your ballot status. If you have questions about your ballot status, please call your County Election Officials . How To Set Up Your Personal My Voter Record Account Check Out These Helpful Hints Before Creating a “My Voter Record” Account Before creating a “My Voter Record Account”: Please visit the Am I Registered/Voter Search Tool to confirm your voter registration information for accuracy, including spelling, date of birth, and city/county If you experience difficulty bringing up your voter registration record: Please remember your county provided the information that is loaded into the “Am I Registered” tool. Therefore the name you enter into the “Am I Registered" lookup tool must exactly match how the county provided it to work correctly. Here are some things to keep in mind when entering your name into the “Am I Registered” tool: Does your last name have a hyphen or space? For example: McDonald may be entered as Mc Donald. Was there a hyphen added or last name changed due to marriage? Is there a middle initial is used to search and the county doesn’t have a middle name on your registration. Nicknames won’t match. For example: Kate won’t match Katherine, Jim won’t match James, etc. If the information is shown incorrectly in your voter registration record, county election officials must be notified. However, for purposes of creating your Voter Record Account enter the information as it currently appears in you voter registration record. Once you have confirmed your information, locate your Voter ID number in the record you retrieved and write it down. You should then use the Voter ID number to create a “My Voter Record” account. Now you are ready to go ahead and create a “Voter Record Account” to track your ballot. Here are some helpful tips when creating your “Voter Record Account”: There can’t be any spaces in the first name when creating an account. For example: If a voter’s first name is “S Robert,” the voter should create an account using “S” as the first name. Your username must be between 4 and 15 characters long and may consist of any of the following characters: a-z 0-9 underscores a single period Your password must be at least eight characters long and include at least one of the following: lowercase letter uppercase letter number symbol (! @ # $ % ^ & *) When logging into your account for the first time, please be aware you are to log in using your username and password, not your email address. Download a printable version of these Helpful Hints Set Up My Voter Record Account You should use your Voter ID to sign up for your account. You can find it by using the " Am I Registered/Voter Search Tool .” Or you can contact your County Election Officials . Page Last Updated: 02/11/21 Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate