Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2016-1208.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 8, 2016 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Buganski Named Acting Executive Director of New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism TRENTON, N.J. – Lt. Governor Guadagno announced the Christie Administration has appointed tourism industry leader, Jake Buganski, as the Acting Executive Director of the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism. “I am confident Jake’s robust professional industry background will greatly benefit the growth of New Jersey Travel and Tourism,” said Guadagno, who also serves as Secretary of State. “The tourism industry plays a crucial role in supporting the economy in New Jersey. By making a permanent appointment to this position, the Administration is showing its continued support in making New Jersey one of the best travel destinations in the country.” Buganski currently holds the position of President of Corning and the Southern Finger Lakes / Steuben County Conference and Visitors Bureau, in upstate New York. Prior to this position, he served as the Executive Director of Visit South Jersey – one of the State’s official Destination Marketing Organizations. Moreover, Buganski’s 12 years in the industry include eight years in leadership roles and significant advocacy work. “Jake has been a strong voice for tourism,” said Jim Kirkos, President and CEO of the Meadowlands Regional Chamber of Commerce and former member of the Destination Marketing Association International's board of directors. “In New Jersey, he helped to advance some difficult policy discussions, and it will be good to have his voice at the state level.” Tourism is New Jersey’s seventh largest industry, generating $43.4 billion in total economic impact and employing more than a half million people in the state. With nearly half of the state’s tourism spending occurring in counties along the Jersey Shore, maintaining New Jersey’s heritage as a beach destination will be an important part of Buganski’s job, along with promoting tourism destinations around the entire Garden State. Tammie Horsfield, President of the Sussex County Chamber of Commerce, is looking forward to working with Buganski. “Jake has made a name for himself in the Destination Marketing Organization world as a leader, hard worker, and young professional with a leadership style that excites and encourages others working with him,” Horsfield said. “He brings to the job enthusiasm, wonderful people skills, and has a great work ethic. He is career focused and I believe he is a great choice for the job.” Diane Wieland, Director of Tourism for Cape May County, is also encouraged by the appointment. “Jake has been a leader in the New Jersey tourism industry and understands the positive impact of the Destination Marketing Organizations, and their importance in promoting all aspects of tourism in the state. Jake brings a solid tourism background to the position and has garnered knowledge and experience working in the trenches with statewide tourism leaders. He will provide strong leadership and be an outstanding representative for tourism in New Jersey,” Wieland said. “I look forward to working with him and the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism as we continue to strengthen and grow the industry in all 21 counties.” Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate