Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/historical/his-topical-guide.shtml

NJ Department of State - Historical Commission - Topical Guide Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Historical Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Topical Guide Part I | Part II Why Teach New Jersey History? According to Title 18A of the New Jersey State Statutes, each school district "shall adopt a suitable two-year course of study in the history of the United States, including the history of New Jersey, to be given to each student during the last four years of high school." Furthermore, the law states that each school district "shall adopt a course of study in community civics, the geography, history and civics of New Jersey ... to be taken by all pupils in the public elementary schools in the grade or grades in which it given." (Italics added.) Teaching New Jersey history and geography is a major priority of the revised Core Curriculum Content Standards, revised in October 2004 by the New Jersey State Board of Education. The Social Studies Standard 6.4 specifically refers to a "knowledge of United States and New Jersey History” (italics added). New Jersey history is best incorporated into the curriculum, not as a separate unit or course, but at the place where a topic being studied can be illuminated by New Jersey examples. When elementary school students are studying inventions, for example, Thomas Alva Edison should be discussed. Or when the American Revolution is being studied, the Battle of Trenton and the New Jersey State Constitution of 1776 might be included. This way, New Jersey history reinforces subjects being studied in American history. New Jersey history is especially well suited to being incorporated into the American history course of study, because New Jersey history covers all the periods in American history from pre-Columbian through exploration and colonization to the present day. However, topics may not come up in New Jersey history in the same sequence as in American history. For example, the abolition of slavery in New Jersey was done in the aftermath of the American Revolution, not as a result of the Civil War. But because New Jersey gradually abolished slavery and compensated former slave owners for their loss of property, it provides an alternative to the national resolution of this issue and a topic for discussion in the classroom. As the Task Force on New Jersey History in June 1997 stated: "New Jersey has one of the richest and most vibrant histories of any state in the Union. One of the original 13 colonies, New Jersey was the crossroads of the American Revolution. More battles were fought here than in any other state. In later years, our state became a center of invention and technological innovation. From the ranks of our citizens have come military heroes, athletes, women's rights crusaders, scientists, presidents, and authors. With its variety of ethnic and religious groups, New Jersey is today one of the most heterogeneous of the states. Our citizens can demonstrate how a diverse society works together through celebration of its common past." David Steven Cohen, Ph.D., New Jersey Historical Commission Part I - New Jersey Geography, History and Civics (Grades K - 4) Teaching Slavery in Colonial NJ - Upper Elementary Level The Lenape Indians Farming - "The Garden State" State Government Invention - Thomas A. Edison Paterson: “Silk City” The Underground Railroad The American Revolution Immigrants New Jersey Folklore and Folk Art Local, Community, and Oral History New Jersey Regions Famous New Jerseyans - Paul Robeson and Alice Paul Part II - New Jersey History (Grades 5 - 12) Teaching Slavery in Colonial NJ - Middle School / High School Level The Lenape Indians New Netherland and New Sweden The Proprietary Colonies of East and West New Jersey The Royal Colony of New Jersey African-Americans in Colonial New Jersey The Brotherton Indian Reservation Women in Colonial New Jersey The Great Awakening The American Revolution in New Jersey The Federal Era in New Jersey The Market Revolution in New Jersey New Jersey in the Age of Jackson The Gradual Abolition of Slavery, the Underground Railroad, and the African Colonization Movement Railroads, Canals, and Factories Reform in Early Nineteenth-Century The Early Women's Movement in New Jersey The Civil War and Reconstruction in New Jersey The Growth of New Jersey Cities Waves of Immigration The Public and Parochial Schools Labor Unions and Strikes Progressivism in New Jersey World War I in New Jersey The Great Migration to New Jersey Women in Politics and at Work Immigration Restrictions The Great Depression in New Jersey The Home Front During World War II The State Constitution of 1947 Civil Rights, Protest, and Riots The Rise of the Suburbs Immigration Since 1945 Affordable Housing and Educational Funding Protecting the Environment About the Commission Grant Opportunities Awards & Prizes African American History Materials for Teachers Media Projects Publications History Resources Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate