Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/assets/ppt/americorps/ameriCorps-101-2024-final-2.pptx

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service - New Jersey AmeriCorps Programs Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey AmeriCorps 2024-2025 Programs AmeriCorps programs serve communities throughout New Jersey in the priority areas of education, disaster response, social services, and environmental stewardship. For information about New Jersey AmeriCorps programs and funding opportunities , please email: AMERICORPS.NJ@SOS.NJ.GOV Program Members Program Description Contact Info Camden County Camden PowerCorps Center for Family Services Camden 22 PowerCorps Camden members are a team of young leaders from Camden City and the surrounding area serving to tackle pressing environmental challenges in their community. PowerCorps Camden is recruiting young people, ages 18 to 26, to serve full-time in a six month AmeriCorps program aimed at revitalizing public land in the city. PowerCorps members work with city partners to tackle pressing environmental challenges. Projects include: improving storm water management, clean and green vacant lots, improve community space and parks for Camden's young people, and revitalize public land in the city. Website: https://www.centerffs.org/powercorps-camden Recovery Corps, Center for Family Services Camden 20 Recovery Corps is a direct service program that supports recovery in New Jersey's southern region. Recovery Corps members provide peer support to people considering or currently in recovery. Members give hope that recovery is possible by encouraging and assisting individuals to find their own personal pathway to recovery. Members serve alongside experienced professionals and gain valuable skills in a wide variety of recovery support programs. Members connect with individuals through service site placements at Living Proof Recovery Center , hospital-based LifelineED , STAR case management, and the family support program, ReConnections . Members also participate in community outreach efforts with the goal of transforming southern New Jersey into a community of hope and mutual support to foster long-term recovery. Website: https://www.centerffs.org/recovery-corps Phone: (856) 964-1990 Literacy NJ Camden 29 Literacy New Jersey exists so all adults have the opportunity to read, write, and communicate effectively. We do this by training volunteer tutors to help adult learners and by supporting a network of literacy programs. Literacy New Jersey provides free instruction to adults who need help with reading, writing, math and speaking English. Literacy NJ provides training for all AmeriCorps tutors. They will work with adults in small groups to help them improve their language and literacy skills so they can reach their life goals. Website: https://www.camdencountylibrary.org/lvcc Email: egloeggler@literacynj.org aschmidt@literacynj.org Phone: (856)772-1636 *7331 Public Health AmeriCorps Program, Rutgers University Camden 100 The Rutgers Camden Public Health AmeriCorps Program is focused on public health promotion, community education and direct services in the Camden County and the Delaware Valley Region. Our team is responsible for capacity building and improving health outcomes while engaging in community outreach with a focus on state and local public-health organizations. We focus on advancing health equity and positive outcomes for communities who are currently or historically underserved. Our program also provides AmeriCorps members with academic, career, and leadership pathways towards public heath career opportunities through hands-on, on-site, client-focused service. Website: https://sites.rutgers.edu/public-health-americorps/ Email: PHAmeriCorps@camden.rutgers.edu Phone: (856) 225-2192 Cumberland County Cohanzick Climate Corps Bridgeton 7 The Cohanzick Climate Corps, part of the Native American Advancement Corporation, serves Atlantic, Cape May, and Cumberland counties by installing energy-efficient weatherization measures to reduce utility bills for low-income qualifying households. Cohanzick Climate Corps members learn hands-on skills in the green energy trades and promote community education for energy efficiency. Members also receive weekly 90-minute training sessions that focus on Building Performance Institute job roles, and personal and professional development. Website: https://www.nativeadvancement.org/cohanzick.html Email: info@CohanzickClimateCorps.org Phone: (856) 455-0600 United Advocacy Group Bridgeton 37 UAG is a nonprofit committed to empowering individuals to achieve their self-determined goals and equip them to reach their full potential. We exist to connect individuals with the opportunities and resources available in their communities, to strengthen their families, and help them achieve the dreams they have set for themselves. AmeriCorps members are paired with projects that best match their skills, personalities, and desired work environments. These projects include: Families to College Unidos Para La Familia First Star Academy Bridgeton High School Carver Early College High School Program Appel Farm Arts Center/Creative CoLaboratory Charter School Website: https://www.unitedadvocacygroup.org/americorps Email: info@unitedadvocacygroup.org jamayra@unitedadvocacygroup.org Phone: (856) 243-5810 Essex County Public Health AmeriCorps Program, Montclair State University Montclair 74 Montclair State University’s AmeriCorps Healthy Communities Corps program is a Public Health AmeriCorps program that aims to provide vital services to underserved communities. With a focus on public health and education, the program’s goals are centered on increasing capacity at local organizations that provide the community with these services. The AmeriCorps HCC works on initiatives that aid in food security, mental health, and many other social services. Members of the HCC can complete their service terms through a wide range of on campus and off campus partner organizations that uphold the AmeriCorps mission. For their service, they receive a living allowance stipend and an education award that is dependent on their time commitment to the program. Website: https://www.montclair.edu/center-for-community-engagement/programs-and-initiatives/hcc-americorps-program/ Email: chicad@montclair.edu Phone: (973) 655-7895 Relay Graduate School of Education Newark 30 The Relay GSE Teaching Residency offers aspiring educators a unique opportunity to receive high-quality teacher training. The two-year residency, a partnership between Relay GSE and select partner schools, is designed specifically for recent college graduates and career changers who are looking for an innovative pathway into the teaching profession. Relay Graduate School of Education is a two-year program. Members will serve as full-time Residents in the first year at high-needs schools in New Jersey. In the second year, members will serve as full-time classroom teachers-of-record, harnessing the foundation they built in year one. Throughout the two-year program, members will be enrolled as graduate students at Relay GSE and will take master’s-level courses that complement their roles as new teachers. Website: https://www.relay.edu/location/new-jersey Parent Mentor Academy, Rutgers University Newark 20 The AmeriCorps Parent Mentor Academy is a two-generation program that develops community residents as mentors to support low performing primary-aged children and create pathways for tutors to become paraprofessionals. PMA provides one-on-one and small group academic support to children who perform in the bottom quartile on Fall English Language Arts (ELA) benchmark assessments. Academic support includes reading with children, practicing academic games and activities, providing homework help, and providing general instructional support. AmeriCorps mentors also receive workforce development training to equip them with skills to be successful as paraprofessionals in urban schools across New Jersey. Training topics include Professionalism, Resume Building, Goal Setting, and leadership. Website: https://cornwall.rutgers.edu/demonstration-projects/promise-parent-leadership-academy/ Phone: (973) 353-1750 Mercer County Isles, Inc. – Trenton Climate Corps Trenton 14 The Trenton Climate Corps build on Isles’ existing environmental services and the Corps Network’s infrastructure and support to address some of Trenton’s most pressing environmental crises. We partner with AmeriCorps and other stakeholders to the sustainability and climate resiliency of the City and its residents. Some of the areas we work in are: Community forestry Stormwater management Community agriculture Energy efficiency and weatherization Website: https://isles.org/trentonclimatecorps Email: hr@isles.org Phone: (609)341-4700 New Jersey Coalition to End Homelessness (NJCEH) Princeton 15 The Coalition is a statewide, social impact organization [a 501(c) (3) non-profit] with one goal: to eradicate homelessness in New Jersey. Toward that end, the Coalition will advocate, educate, organize and, if necessary, litigate for emergency and permanent solutions to homelessness. NJCEH works to assist clients in accessing shelter while working toward systemic change and solutions to ensure that homelessness in New Jersey is rare, brief, and non-recurring. Website: https://www.njceh.org/ Email: info@njceh.org Phone: (848) 228-3889 Middlesex County The Jewish Renaissance Foundation Edison 34 The Jewish Renaissance Foundation (JRF) is a non-profit, non-sectarian organization founded by individuals who feel compelled to act upon the teachings of the Jewish faith. With two federal designations: as an Anti-Poverty Agency and as a Federal Qualified Health Center, we believe as citizens in a democratic society, we must respond to the needs of our neighbors and share our talents and resources. The JRF is committed to helping individuals/families become healthier and stronger. We provide programs that improve the quality of health education and community assistance programs throughout Middlesex County. JRF supports sites through wellness-focused mental health initiatives, planning and promoting self-care days, hosting emotional-health themed workshops, and implementing socially distanced and virtual social events. Website: https://jrfnj.org/ Email: tawayna.bailey@jrfnj.org Phone: (732) 324-2114 *120 Rutgers University Cooperative Extension New Brunswick 10 Rutgers Cooperative Extension was created to address the growing issue of food waste. The RCE-FW team has focused its food waste reduction efforts mostly on the school sector. In this program, members partner with food service workers, students, educators, and administrators, the RCE-FW team facilitates initiatives to reduce food waste, and creates comprehensive toolkits and resources on how to implement food waste reduction efforts in schools. Website: https://sites.rutgers.edu/food-waste/americorps/ Email: shukaitis@njaes.rutgers.edu Morris County Public Health AmeriCorps Program, Zufall Health Center Dover 10 Zufall Health Center AmeriCorps members serve at our health center sites in northern New Jersey. Members serve the community through outreach to address individual challenges and health system barriers faced by Zufall's patient population. Our population includes farmworkers, people experiencing homelessness, public housing residents, and people living with HIV/AIDS. Many come from poor minority communities with significant barriers to accessing health care. Members also deliver health education on topics including, diabetes, prenatal care, asthma, HIV/AIDS, Covid-19, prevention of childhood obesity trough nutrition and exercise, proper oral health, senior wellness, access to health insurance, health access for new immigrant families. Email: jamaya@zufallhealth.org Phone: (973) 998-7310 Passaic County Paterson Community Schools Corps, New Jersey Community Development Corporation(NJCDC) Paterson 24 Dedicated to creating opportunities to transform lives within the City of Paterson's Great Falls Neighborhood, New Jersey Community Development Corporation (NJCDC) is a private, non-profit community development and social service agency focusing on education, youth development, youth mental health, affordable and supportive housing, and community building initiatives. NJCDC members assist with the organizing and implementing of volunteer programs, engage in community service projects and initiatives, collaborate with local organizations to address community needs, participate in training and professional development opportunities, provide support and assistance to individuals and families in need, and document/report on project activities and outcomes. Website: https://www.njcdc.org/send-message Phone: (973) 413-1600 Public Health AmeriCorps Program, New Jersey Community Development Corporation (NJCDC PHA) Paterson 10 The Paterson Public Health Corps (PPHC) launched in September 2023 with the goal of addressing the mental health needs of Paterson students and families. NJCDC PHA members work in five schools throughout Paterson. Using an evidence-based approach, these members are leading monthly seminars to educate students and community members about mental health issues, and collaborating with the New Jersey Statewide Student Support Services (NJ4S) Passaic County Hub to ensure clinicians are available in schools. They are also creating new resources in NJCDC’s Full Service Community Schools, including mental health resource centers to educate students and families on mental health issues and support services they can access, and “peace rooms”, which are calming and safe spaces for kids to process difficult emotions or situations with the guidance of a mental health specialist. Website: https://www.njcdc.org/news-1/program-spotlight%3A-americorps-public-health Phone: (973) 413-1600 St. Paul’s Community Development Corporation Paterson 22 Our purpose is to alleviate the conditions of hunger, homelessness, unemployment, poverty, and illiteracy in the City of Paterson. We do this by providing emergency services to all in need and by designing long-term approaches to achieving social and economic improvement at the grassroots level. At SPCDC, AmeriCorps members will serve as tutors and mentors. They address the educational needs of Passaic County adults and at-risk youth. They work with after-school programs and provide support to adult students training in Basic Skills, Computer Literacy, English as a Second Language (ESL), and those studying to receive their NJ High School Diploma. They serve as food pantry workers, shelter aides, case management aides, volunteer recruiters, and general operations support. Website: https://stpaulscdcnj.org/ Email: questions@stpaulscdcnj.org Phone: (973) 710-3900 Union County Boxwood Learning Center Roselle 16 The Boxwood Learning Center, Inc. is a 501 C 3 non-profit organization. Our mission is to create learning environments for supporting the whole person by way of tutoring, mentoring, and career exploration. We work to expose young people to careers in the science, technology, engineering, and math fields. Lastly, we provide supportive guidance to youth until they graduate from college or post-secondary programs. Boxwood works to empower youth ages 14- 21, including those in the school system and those who have interacted with the justice system, to reach their full potential and contribute positively to society. Website: https://www.boxwoodnj.org/ Email: mchase@boxwoodnj.org Warren County NORWESCAP Phillipsburg 15 NORWESCAP’s work throughout New Jersey empowers individuals and families to move away from the crisis of poverty, and towards a future where they can thrive. Our mission is to strengthen communities by creating opportunities that improve the lives of low-income individuals and families, and our vision is to help build a community that transforms poverty into opportunity. NORWESCAP’s AmeriCorps programs enhance our mission by engaging members to serve in key roles in our organization. AmeriCorps members serve part-time or full-time in the organization’s Financial Empowerment Centers. Members serve as Engagement Partners, Financial Coaches, or Employment Coaches, helping provide critical, hands-on services to people in need, servicing five counties in New Jersey. Website: https://norwescap.org/americorps-americorps-vista/ Phone: (908) 454-7000 All Counties New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, Watershed Ambassadors Program Trenton 23 The AmeriCorps NJ Watershed Ambassadors Program is administered by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection, Division of Water Monitoring, Standards and Pesticide Control. The goal of the program is to promote watershed stewardship through education and direct community involvement, and to monitor stream health through performing visual and biological assessments. Individual AmeriCorps members are assigned to each of New Jersey’s 20 watershed management areas (WMAs) to serve as “Watershed Ambassadors” to their watershed communities. 3 full-time Source Water Protection Ambassadors are assigned to a region in Northern, Central, and Southern NJ. The Source Water Protection Ambassadors conduct education workshops and stewardship projects that relate to sources of drinking water. Website: https://dep.nj.gov/wms/bears/americorps-nj-watershed-ambassadors/ Phone: (609) 940-4822 Planning Grants Program Description Contact Info The Waterfront Project Jersey City The Waterfront Project, Inc. is a nonprofit legal clinic and HUD-certified counseling agency committed to providing comprehensive, multi-disciplinary services to individuals and households at risk of homelessness in Hudson, Union and Bergen Counties. Programs range from housing and financial counseling to free legal services and survivor advocacy. Website: https://thewaterfrontproject.org/ Phone: (551) 256-7578 *122 Rutgers University, Accelerate and Renew Program Camden The Rutgers Accelerate & Renew Academy (RARA) is a tutoring and mentoring program empowering school students in Camden City. RARA addresses the learning loss that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic and aims to provide students with high-quality academic support and social-emotional growth. Website: https://camden.rutgers.edu/academics/experiential-learning-living/civic-engagement/k-12-outreach#rara Email: Amanda.debellis@rutgers.edu The Center for Modern Ageing Princeton CMAP is a nonprofit organization serving aging adults and their families in the greater Princeton area. But more than that, we’re a group of people with various interests, backgrounds, experiences, and passions. We’re active, engaged, and curious members of society. Much like the people we serve. Website: https://cmaprinceton.org/about/ Phone: (609) 751-9699 American Littoral Society Highlands The American Littoral Society promotes the study and conservation of marine life and habitat, protects the coast from harm, and empowers others to do the same. Website: https://www.littoralsociety.org/ Phone: (732) 291-0055 Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate