Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-1203.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 2, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Israel Commission Leadership Remarks on the Abduction of Tenafly’s Edan Alexander by Terrorists in Gaza, in regards to the “Proof-of-Life” Video TRENTON, NJ – More than 420 days ago, Edan Alexander (now 20 years old) of Tenafly, along with more than 200 others, was kidnapped from Israel into Gaza, during a terrorist attack from the coastal Palestinian territory. On November 30, 2024, his captors in Gaza released a “proof of life” video, in which Edan delivered a coerced message to the world. “On October 7th, 2023, the entire State of New Jersey looked on in horror as bloodthirsty terrorists filmed themselves committing mass murder and atrocities throughout Southern Israel,” said Karin Elkis, NJ Israel Commission Co-Chair. “Every single day since, we are sickened by the abuse and torture heaped on the innocent captives, including our brother and neighbor, Edan Alexander. Yet, we remain resolute in our efforts to Bring Them Home. Our inspiration comes from the stiff-necked courage of the Alexander family, as well as the superhuman strength exhibited by Edan and his colleagues who were kidnapped on October 7th. The captives’ perseverance in the face of unimaginable trials is now on display for the entire world. We will never leave them behind.” “With the release of the latest video, Hamas, its patrons in the region, and their supporters around the world degrade themselves to a new level,” said Mark Levenson, Co-Chair of the NJ Israel Commission. “As the people of our state are no strangers to craven terrorist attacks, we march together with the Alexander family, and the families of all of our captives, rallying for the captives’ speedy release and an end to the fighting. At the same time, we recognize that every day in which terrorists are allowed to ply their trade, from carrying out attacks to inspiring violent intimidation of our communities across New Jersey, we are all at risk. We will not rest until all the captives, from Edan, to the Bibas children, and 100 others are safe at home with their families. We take this time to recall other young New Jerseyans in Israel who fell victim to Iranian-backed groups, including Alisa Flatow of West Orange (murdered in 1995, age 21) and Sara Duker of Teaneck (murdered in 1996, age 22).” On October 7, 2023, Edan was kidnapped, along with over 200 other innocent people, by terrorists from Gaza who illegally infiltrated Israel and murdered over 1200. Since that day, Edan has had no communication with his family, the Israeli government, or the United States government. Edan and his fellow abductees, who are believed to be held prisoner in unknown locations throughout the Gaza Strip, have had no contact with or received visits from any international humanitarian organizations, including the United Nations, the WHO, ICRC, MSF/DWB, Amnesty International, or Human Rights Watch, despite the fact that all of these groups are active observers of the conflict in Gaza. There are still more than 100 captives being held in the Gaza strip, including 7 American citizens. About Edan Alexander : Edan Alexander lives in Tenafly, NJ with his parents and two younger siblings. He graduated from Tenafly High School in 2022, where he was a decorated athlete on the swim team. He loves art and music, particularly artists like Travis Scott and SZA. His favorite activities include joining his friends for adventurous outdoor activities, such as skydiving and skateboarding. Following graduating high school, Edan put off enrolling in college, and volunteered with IDF’s Golani brigade as a “lone soldier.” He was stationed at the border with Gaza on the early morning of October 7th, 2023, when his mother last spoke with him before he was kidnapped. He celebrated his 20th birthday in captivity on December 29. His current whereabouts and condition are unknown. About the New Jersey Israel Commission : The New Jersey-Israel Commission, which operates within the New Jersey Department of State, was established in 1989 to promote the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourage the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and foster a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. New Jersey-Israel trade in goods accounted for approximately $1.84 billion annually, and thousands of jobs for New Jersey residents. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate