Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0524.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 24, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NEW JERSEY BUSINESS ACTION CENTER TO HOST STATE PAVILION AT THE 68TH Summer Fancy Food Show Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) is proud to announce its participation as a State Pavilion for the second year in a row at the 68th Summer Fancy Food Show in New York City, which will be held June 23-25, 2024 at the Jacob Javits Center. NJBAC and its Office of Export Promotion (OEP) will share information with show attendees about export opportunities, the New Jersey State Trade Expansion Program (NJSTEP), and other business services and resources. The NJSTEP initiative is funded in part by the Small Business Administration (SBA). NJBAC and OEP will be hosting 19 New Jersey-based companies new to exporting from underserved and underrepresented business communities, poised for growth with global exports. The 19 underserved businesses meet the criteria set forth by the SBA’s small business communities definition, which includes, but is not limited to; owned or controlled by women, representing the LGBTQ+ community, Hispanic-Americans, African-Americans, or Veterans and/or service-disabled Veterans. The 19 businesses participating in the Fancy Food event are all NJSTEP clients and approved grant award recipients. The approval of the grant is a NJBAC requirement for participation in the Pavilion. Each business had to apply to join the Pavilion, meeting certain criteria designated by the OEP Team. All businesses were evaluated on a first come, first served competitive basis. “We’re excited to showcase New Jersey businesses for the second year in a row with our State Pavilion at the Fancy Food show,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees NJBAC in her capacity as Secretary of State. “Our presence at this event allows us to support New Jersey businesses as they seek to expand and grow, while reflecting the taste, culture, and diversity of the Garden State to an international audience.” “The Fancy Food Show is an excellent opportunity to introduce these 19 New Jersey companies to the world of exporting,” said Melanie Willoughby, Executive Director of NJBAC. “Our Pavilion will provide a platform to connect these businesses with new vendors that will help them expand their businesses internationally.” Sponsored annually by the Specialty Food Association (SFA), this show is the largest specialty food trade show in North America, convening over 34,000 attendees from around the world to learn more about consumable products from over 2,000 exhibitors. The 2023 show secured 2,200 exhibitors including 60 countries and entertained over 32,000 attendees over the three-day show. Now in its 68th year, the Fancy Food Show connects businesses with prospective global export partners (buyers, brokers, and distributors) and promotes quality gourmet foods and ingredients. Each of the 19 participating NJSTEP businesses will share more about their specialty products over the three-day show. New Jersey State Pavilion participants are: Chookie LLC – Livingston Hank Sauce – Sea Isle City Harmony Global Foods - Montclair Jersey Girl Hot Sauce - Stockton Johnson’s Popcorn – Ocean City Kim Chee Pride – Prospect Park Ma Ka Khana - Edison Madison Park Foods - Brookside The Naked Botanical - Mendham Pereg Natural Foods - Clifton Planted Eats Wholesale – North Caldwell Savorx Flavors LLC (The Savorx) – Belle Mead Seraphim Social Beverage – Red Bank Sohha Savory - Lawrenceville Thumb Bread - Hoboken Tora Chai - Hillsborough Two River Gourmet Mushrooms – Sea Bright Undercover Chocolates Company Inc.- East Hanover We Are Wonderfully Made - Metuchen The NJBAC Office of Export Promotion works with small and mid-sized companies interested in expanding sales and their customer base through export, ensuring access to the NJSTEP program for eligible businesses. NJSTEP, funded in part by the Small Business Administration (SBA), provides essential and equitable financial awards on a first come, first serve competitive basis, to eligible domestic New Jersey small businesses new to export, as well as those businesses who currently sell their goods and/or services to other countries. To learn more about the NJBAC Office of Export Promotion, visit NJ Department of State - NJ Business Action Center . To learn more about STEP, visit NJ Department of State - NJ Business Action Center - NJ STEP . The New Jersey Business Action Center serves as the State's liaison to the business community, offering free information, services, and resources across various areas such as business registration, financial programs, regulatory compliance, property selection, workforce training, and more. NJBAC comprises multiple offices, including Small Business, Business Advocacy, Export Promotion, and State Planning. Access to NJBAC services is available through NJ DOS - NJ Business Action Center or Business.NJ.gov: Your first stop for doing business in NJ or by calling 1-800-JERSEY-7. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate