Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0518.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 18, 2021, NJSCA Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State STATE ARTS COUNCIL SWEARS IN NEWEST COUNCIL MEMBER, CHRIS FOGLIO, FOUNDER AND CEO OF COMMUNITY INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, INC. (Trenton, NJ) - The New Jersey State Council on the Arts has sworn in Chris Foglio as the newest member of the Council Board. Ms. Foglio took her oath – administered by Council Ex-Officio Member Senator Tom Kean - during the Council’s public meeting on Tuesday, May 18th. In speaking about her new role on the State Arts Council, Ms. Foglio said: “I have had a passion for the arts in New Jersey, and believe they are an essential element in the economic recovery of the State. I look forward to bringing my economic development experience to the board in order to have community and State arts organizations benefit and participate in the strategic recovery of the NJ economy.” Christiana Foglio is Founder & CEO of Community Investment Strategies, Inc. Prior to founding CIS, Chris was executive director of the New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency, serving under two governors. In that role, she was responsible for more than $1 billion in multi-family bond financing and created the state’s Housing Policy. She also chaired the New Jersey Council on Affordable Housing. As the former president of the not-for-profit New Brunswick Development Corporation, Chris spearheaded that city’s economic rebirth by implementing $300 million worth of urban renewal projects, including the creation of the New Brunswick Cultural Center. Chris has also served as a member of the board of the State Museum, Ellarslie Museum, and Business Council for Grounds for Sculpture. Read Chris’s full bio here . During yesterday’s meeting, State Arts Council Chair Elizabeth Mattson touched on the perfect timing of Chris’s appointment: “Chris’s passion for the arts, combined with her more than 30 years of expertise in building partnerships to strengthen communities comes at a crucial time for the Council, as we adapt our programs and services to better serve all New Jerseyans. We are thrilled to welcome Chris as the Council’s newest Board Member.” About the New Jersey State Council on the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council receives direct appropriations from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated, renewable Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee, as well as competitive grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. To learn more about the Council, please visit www.artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate