Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0128.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 28, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Palisade Stages Opens in Kearny NEWARK, N.J. – The recent influx of film and television activity in New Jersey has created an unprecedented demand for large studio space. Palisade Stages, the first major soundstage to be built in the state, has just opened for business in Kearny. This facility is built to accommodate productions of all sizes according to Jamie Payne, president. It offers 23,000 sq. ft. of studio space, 27’ high, an industry standard lighting grid, green rooms, loading bays and ample parking. “Our close proximity to New York City and many popular locations in North Jersey is also a tremendous asset,” according to Payne. The film and television industry continues to expand in New Jersey in the wake of recent financial incentives, as studio, network and independent productions flock to Garden State locations. In 2019, film and television production generated over $400 million for the state economy. Recent productions filmed here include the Warner Bros. features “Joker” and “The Many Saints of Newark,” the critically acclaimed Netflix drama “The Trial of the Chicago 7” and their upcoming action blockbuster “Army of the Dead,” Steven Spielberg’s eagerly anticipated remake of “West Side Story,” and such network television series as ABC’s “Emergence,” NBC’s “The Enemy Within” and “Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt For The Bone Collector,” HBO’s “The Plot Against America” and the upcoming CBS series “The Equalizer.” “The ultimate goal of our film incentive programs is to build a vibrant production industry in the state and attract permanent, bricks and mortar businesses and the full-time jobs that go along with them,” says Governor Phil Murphy. “We are excited to welcome Palisade Stages to New Jersey and wish them great success.” “More than a century ago, New Jersey was the birthplace of the motion picture industry,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “We are thrilled to see this industry grow and thrive again in the 21st century here in the Garden State. The opening of the Palisade Stages helps us cement New Jersey’s status as a premier destination for film and television production.” Michael Uslan, Chairman of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission, anticipates a very successful production year ahead. “We are fielding many requests from production companies looking to shoot features and television programs here, so a facility like Palisade Stages will be in high demand.” Uslan expects the industry to rebound strongly from the pandemic shutdown of 2020, predicting that “New Jersey will be seeing plenty of action in the months to come.” About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate