Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0819.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 19, 2020, NJ Film Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Amazon Studios’ Chemical Hearts Premieres on Amazon Prime Romantic drama filmed in New Jersey available on August 21 NEWARK, NJ - Emerson Junior/Senior High School, Newark and West Orange are just some of the locations used as the backdrop for Chemical Hearts , a new romantic drama starring Lili Reinhart ( Riverdale ) and Austin Abrams ( Euphoria ), set to air on Amazon Prime beginning August 21st. This feature film is an adaptation of Krystal Sutherland’s young-adult novel Our Chemical Hearts , which centers on a high school senior falling in love with a new transfer student who hides a heartbreaking secret. Chemical Hearts was written and directed by Richard Tanne ( Southside With You ) and produced by Jami O’Brien and Reinhart. Published in 2016, Sutherland’s novel earned acclaim for its unusual story of first love. “This much-buzzed-about debut captures the messy, awkward, all-consuming emotions of a teen’s first love,” wrote Entertainment Weekly. Other cast members include Kara Young ( Hair Wolf ), Sarah Jones ( For All Mankind ), Adhir Kalyan ( Rules of Engagement ), Bruce Altman ( Running Scared ), and Catherine Curtman ( Orange is the New Black ). Many scenes in Chemical Hearts were shot at Emerson Junior/Senior High School in the summer of 2019. Additional filming took place in Glen Ridge, Montclair, Newark, Paterson, and West Orange. “I am delighted that Amazon Studios chose to film Chemical Hearts in the Garden State, where several communities benefited from crews patronizing many local businesses,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. The production company, Big Indie Pictures, reported that 90 production crew members were hired, and more than $8 million was spent in New Jersey for labor, goods and services. Motion picture and television production in New Jersey has increased dramatically since the Garden State Film and Digital Media Jobs Act took effect in 2018. In 2019, film and television production generated more than $400 million for the state economy and created thousands of jobs. Other major motion pictures filmed here recently include The Many Saints of Newark, Army of the Dead, Beauty, and Trial of the Chicago 7 , all scheduled to be released later this year into 2021. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate