Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0531.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - DOE - May 31, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State HISTORY PINNED REVOLUTIONNJ’S NEW, INTERACTIVE HISTORY HERO CHALLENGE Join RevolutionNJ this summer to explore New Jersey’s civic history and win a prize! TRENTON, NJ – RevolutionNJ , the state’s official 250th partnership, encourages New Jerseyans to explore the state, discover the past, and find their civic superpower this summer with History Pinned . From June 1st – July 31st, History Pinned sites will hand out unique buttons that highlight a different civic superpower as inspired by the Made By Us Civic Season . Participants who collect all five buttons by July 31, 2024 will win a special History Hero badge. The 2024 History Pinned sites are: Alice Paul Institute , American Labor Museum , Hoboken Historical Museum , New Jersey State Museum , and T. Thomas Fortune Cultural Center . The sites were selected due to their geographic diversity and their connections to the history of political and civic participation. “I encourage New Jersey’s residents and visitors to take advantage of this fun opportunity to learn more about our shared history and to discover new ways to participate in our democracy,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way. Lieutenant Governor Way oversees the New Jersey Historical Commission in her role as Secretary of State. RevolutionNJ is the official partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission and the non-profit Crossroads of the American Revolution to commemorate America’s 250th in 2026. “Connecting young adults with their histories is crucial for many reasons including inspiring life-long civic engagement,” said New Jersey Historical Commission Executive Director Sara Cureton. “All five of the institutions participating in this year’s program tell fascinating stories of how New Jerseyans of the past shaped the government that we share today.” RevolutionNJ’s History Pinned program was developed for the fourth annual Civic Season. Juneteenth will mark the beginning of a new summer tradition focused on utilizing the past to prepare for the future. Civic Season unites America’s newest holiday, Juneteenth, with its oldest holiday, July 4th, and is co-designed with Gen Z students, activists, thought leaders, and historians. Gen Z is the generation stepping into adult citizenship on the cusp of the United States’ 250th birthday in 2026; Civic Season invites them to have a voice in the conversations that will shape it. “History Pinned is a fun, new way to interact with our state’s history,” said Executive Director of Crossroads of the American Revolution Carrie Fellows. “We hope that it will also provide an opportunity for young adults to reflect on the Revolutionary ideals of freedom, liberty, and justice as we approach America’s 250th.” To get started with History Pinned, visit https://revnj.org/history-pinned . Keep up with news and updates concerning RevolutionNJ by joining the newsletter and following @revolutionnj on Instagram and facebook.com/revolutionnj . About RevolutionNJ Created through state legislation in 2018, RevolutionNJ is a partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution Association to plan the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the American Revolution in New Jersey. About Made By Us Powered by an unparalleled alliance of hundreds of beloved history museums and historic sites, Made By Us creates programs and digital platforms to connect young people in every corner of the nation with our shared past, present and future. With initiatives such as My Wish For U.S., 60-Second History and Civic Season (Juneteenth - July 4th), Made By Us meets young adults where they are with timely and relevant U.S. history to inspire, inform and ignite civic participation leading up to the nation’s 250th anniversary in 2026. For more information, visit historymadebyus.org or follow @historymadebyus on Instagram. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate