Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-elections-19-20-29.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Division of Elections, 19-20-29 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Division of Elections In January 2014, the Governor signed into law P.L. 2013, c. 259 . Pursuant to that statute the Department of State provides the following Laws and Regulations as a service to our users. The Laws and Regulations displayed here have been copied from: NJ Statutes Annotated (NJSA) NJ Administrative Code (NJAC) Executive Orders Index Please refer to the above links for the most recent updates. Page Updated Statutes 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:1-1 - 19:9-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:10-1 - 19:19-17 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:20-1 - 19:29-14 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:31-1 - 19:37-5 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:44A-1 - 19:49-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:50-1 - 19:59-16 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:60-1 - 19:63-28 02/03/23 NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles and Traffic Regulation (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40 - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40A - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/24/23 NJAC Title 15: Subchapter 10 - Elections Electronic Poll Book Rules, Special Adopted New Rules: N.J.A.C. 15:10-7 02/03/23 NJSA Title 52 - State Government, Departments and Officers (Pertaining to Elections) Last updated: 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:20 NJSA 19:20-1 Scope of authority The board of county canvassers, in case of officers voted for or public questions voted upon exclusively by the voters of a single county or any political subdivision thereof, except for any congressional district or part of a congressional district, shall proceed to determine what officers have been elected, and the result of the vote cast upon any public question setting forth that it was approved or rejected. NJSA 19:20-2 Statement of determination The board in the case of an election for a member of the senate, members of the general assembly, or other officer elected or public question approved or rejected by all of the voters of the county, except for members of the house of representatives, shall make two statements of its determination in substantially the following form: "A statement of the determination of the board of county canvassers relative to an election held in the county of on the day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and , for the election of a member of the senate, members of the general assembly of this state, and a sheriff and coroners for said county and public questions (naming the officers and public questions, as the case may be). The said board does determine that at the said election, was duly elected a member of the senate of this state; were duly elected members of the general assembly; was duly elected sheriff and were duly elected coroners for said county, and public questions were approved or rejected (as the case may be)." NJSA 19:20-3 Certification of statement; form The board shall thereupon certify such statement to be true and correct, by a certificate appended to the same, and signed by the chairman of the board in the presence of the clerk of the board: "I do certify that the foregoing is a true, full and correct statement of the determination of the board of canvassers therein mentioned. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand this day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and Chairman of the board of county canvassers. Attest: , Clerk." The clerk of the board shall attest the signing of the same by the chairman by signing his name thereto. NJSA 19:20-4 Statements and certifications filed with county clerk One of the statements of such determination, and the certificate thereto, shall be annexed to one of the statements of the results of the canvass of the election, and delivered therewith to the clerk of the county and filed in his office. NJSA 19:20-5 Certificates to successful candidates; signing and attestation The chairman of the board, in the case of an election for senator or members of the assembly, or for any officer voted for by the voters of the entire county or of any subdivision thereof, except for members of the house of representatives, shall issue a certificate to the successful candidate based upon the statement of the determination of the board, and shall sign his name thereto, which shall be attested by the clerk of the board by signing his name and affixing the seal of the county. The clerk shall without delay deliver one of such certificates to each person who shall be so elected. NJSA 19:20-6 Statement of result of canvass for secretary of state In the case of a state senator, member of the general assembly or any county officer, or any public questions to be voted upon by the voters of the entire state or any political subdivision thereof greater than a county, the board shall inclose, seal up and transmit one of the statements of the results of the canvass of the election, together with one of the statements of the determination and the certificate thereto annexed, to the secretary of state at Trenton within five days next after the meeting of the board, who shall file the same in his office. NJSA 19:20-7 Certificate prima facie evidence of legislator's right to seat In the organization of the senate and general assembly the certificates so issued by the board based upon such statements of its determination shall be deemed prima facie evidence of the right of the persons therein mentioned to seats in the houses, respectively, to which they shall have been so determined to be elected. NJSA 19:20-8 Statements and certificates filed with municipal clerks The board in the case of officers elected or public questions approved or rejected by the voters of a municipality or part thereof shall in the same manner and form make, certify and sign as many statements as to its determination and certificates thereto annexed, together with the statements of the results of the canvass of the election, as there are municipalities concerned, and file the same with the clerks of such municipalities. NJSA 19:20-9 Certificates issued to successful municipal candidates; signing and attestation The chairman of the board, in the case of an election of officers of a municipality or part thereof, or public questions voted upon in such municipalities, shall issue a certificate to the successful candidate and also a certificate of the approval or rejection of any public question, based upon the statement of the determination of the board, and shall sign his name thereto, which shall be attested by the clerk of the board by signing his name and affixing the seal of the county. The clerk shall without delay deliver such certificates to the various municipal clerks, who shall without delay deliver one of the same to each person who shall be elected. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:21 NJSA 19:21-1 Meeting times a. The Board of State Canvassers shall meet at Trenton as soon as practicable but no later than the 30th day after the day of election, for the purpose of canvassing and estimating the votes cast for each person for whom any vote or votes shall have been cast for one or more members of the United States senate or of the house of representatives, or for electors of president and vice president, or for governor and lieutenant governor, or for members of the Legislature, and upon each public question voted upon by the voters of the entire state or political division thereof greater than a county and of determining and declaring the person or persons who shall, by the greatest number of votes, have been duly elected to such office or offices, and the result of the vote cast upon any public question setting forth that it was approved or rejected. b. For the purpose of canvassing and estimating the votes cast for each person for whom any vote or votes shall have been cast in any special election, the board shall meet in Trenton as soon as practicable but no later than the 30th day after the day of the special election. Amended 1987, c.338, s.2; 2009, c.66, s.4; 2018, c.72, s.11. NJSA 19:21-2 Substitute members If a number of the members of the Legislature who shall have been summoned as members of the board sufficient to constitute it shall not attend the meeting thereof, the chairman shall summon as members of the board as many fit persons who shall possess the qualifications required for members of the General Assembly as shall be necessary to complete the number required to constitute the board. Amended 1987,c.338,s.3. NJSA 19:21-3 Oath of members The chairman of the board shall administer, and each member thereof shall take, an oath or affirmation in the following form: "You do swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that you will faithfully and impartially execute the duties of a member of this board according to law" ; and thereupon one of the members of the board, to be appointed by it for that purpose, shall administer to the chairman thereof an oath or affirmation in the same form as that which shall have been taken by the other members. NJSA 19:21-4 Substitute clerk of the board If the clerk of the board be absent from such meeting at the time appointed therefor, the chairman of the board shall forthwith, after the oaths or affirmations shall have been administered and taken, proceed to appoint a fit person to be the clerk of the board; and before proceeding to canvass and estimate the votes, the chairman of the board shall administer to the clerk thereof, and such clerk shall take, an oath or affirmation in the following form: "You do swear (or affirm, as the case may be) that you will faithfully execute the duties of clerk of this board." Amended 1987,c.338,s.4. NJSA 19:21-5 Production of relevant statements, copies The Secretary of State or the secretary's designee shall thereupon produce and lay before the board all statements and copies relating to such election which the secretary shall have received or obtained, as hereinbefore provided. If he shall neglect to produce and lay before the board or shall withhold any such statement or copy received or obtained by him, the chairman of the board shall forthwith summon the secretary or the secretary's designee, as appropriate, to appear and produce and lay before the board the statement or copy, and thereupon the secretary or the secretary's designee shall forthwith produce and lay the same before the board. Amended 1987,c.338,s.5. NJSA 19:21-6 Statement and certification of canvass The board shall forthwith canvass such statements and proceed to make a statement of the result of the election in the state; the statement shall contain the whole number of names of the voters in all the signature copy registers and registers of voters, the whole number of the names of the voters in all the poll books and the whole number of ballots rejected in the state, the names of all the persons for whom any vote or votes shall have been given for any office or offices to be filled at such election, and the whole number of the votes which shall have been given to each person for any such office or offices, mentioning the office or offices for which each person shall have been designated, together with the results of the votes cast upon any public questions voted upon by the voters of the entire state or of any political subdivision thereof greater than a county, and shall contain the name of each county, the number of names in the poll books in the counties respectively, the number of votes given for each person in each county for any such office or offices. In such statement the name of each person for whom any vote or votes shall have been given, the whole number of votes given for each person, and the name of each county, shall be in words written at full length. The whole number of names of the voters in all the signature copy registers and registers of voters, and the whole number of the names of the voters in all the poll books and the whole number of ballots rejected in the state, together with the result of the votes cast upon any public questions voted upon by the voters of the entire state or any political subdivision thereof greater than a county, the number of names of the voters in all the signature copy registers and registers of voters and the number of names in the poll books and the number of ballots rejected in the counties respectively, together with the result of the votes cast upon any public questions voted upon by the voters of the entire state or any political subdivision thereof greater than a county, and the number of votes given for each person in each county may be in figures. Such statement shall be certified to be true and correct by a certificate appended to the same; and the chairman of the board shall sign his name thereto in the presence of the clerk of the board, which such clerk shall attest by signing his name thereto. NJSA 19:21-7 Form of statement and certificate Such statement and certificate appended thereto shall be in a form similar to that hereinbefore prescribed for the board of county canvassers, as far as the nature of such election will admit. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:22 NJSA 19:22-1 Statement of determination When such statement and certificate shall have been made and subscribed, the board shall proceed to determine the person or persons who shall, by the greatest number of votes, have been duly elected to the office or offices for which he or they shall have been designated, together with the result of the vote cast upon any public question setting forth that it was approved or rejected; and thereupon the board shall make a statement of its determination. NJSA 19:22-2 Basis of statement The board shall base the statement of the result of the canvass of such election in the state and its determination as to the person or persons who shall have been elected, or any public question approved or rejected therein upon the statements of the result of the election, or the copies of the statements which shall have been made by the board of county canvassers in the several counties, and laid before the board. If it appears by any such statement from any county, that the statement of the result of such election in any election district of the county is not exhibited by or included in such statement, the board shall give full force and effect to the statement of the result of the election in such district, or the copy of the statement, which shall be laid before it by the secretary of state as hereinbefore directed. NJSA 19:22-3 Certification and signing of statement Such statement shall be certified to be true and correct by a certificate appended to same; and the chairman of the board shall sign his name thereto, in the presence of the clerk thereof, which such clerk shall attest by signing his name thereto. NJSA 19:22-4 Form of statement and certificate The statement of such determination and the certificate appended thereto shall be in a form similar to that hereinbefore prescribed for the board of county canvassers, as far as the nature of such election will admit. NJSA 19:22-5 Statements filed with secretary of state The statement of determination shall be annexed to the statement of the result of the canvass of such election; and both of the statements and certificates attached thereto shall forthwith be delivered to the secretary of state, who shall file the same in his office. All the statements and copies of statements which shall have been produced and laid before the board shall be delivered to the secretary of state, and by him filed in his office. NJSA 19:22-6 Certificates to successful candidates by secretary of state The secretary of state shall issue a certificate to each successful candidate, based upon a statement of the determination of the board of state canvassers, and shall sign his name thereto and affix the seal of the state, and shall without delay deliver the same to each of the persons who shall be so elected. NJSA 19:22-7 Certificates of election of United States senators and congressmen In case of an election for one or more members of the United States senate or of the house of representatives, the secretary of state shall prepare a general certificate of the election of such member or members of the United States senate and one of the member or members of the house of representatives, and lay the same before the governor, who shall sign his name thereto in the presence of such secretary, which the secretary shall attest by signing his name thereto, and shall thereupon affix the seal of the state thereto and transmit the same forthwith to the clerk of the United States senate and of the house of representatives, as the case may be, if they shall then be in session, and if not, then at their first meeting. NJSA 19:22-8 Certificates of election of presidential, vice presidential electors, certifications as elector slate In case of an election for electors of president and vice president of the United States: a.The secretary shall prepare a general certificate of the election of such electors, and lay the same before the Governor, who shall sign his name thereto, in the presence of such secretary, which the secretary shall attest by signing his name thereto, and shall thereupon affix the seal of the State thereto, and deliver the same to the president of the college of electors of this State, on the day and at the time and place appointed for the meeting of such college; b.The secretary shall also prepare a general certificate or certificates, as the case may be, of the electors who were not elected, and lay the same before the Governor, who shall sign his name thereto, in the presence of such secretary, which the secretary shall attest by signing his name thereto, and shall thereupon affix the seal of the State thereto, and deliver the same to the president of the college of electors of this State, on the day and at the time and place appointed for the meeting of such college; c.Only one general certificate shall be certified as the elector slate for the purpose of electing the president and vice president of the United States. In any year in which, on July 20, the "Agreement Among the States to Elect the President by National Popular Vote" is in effect in states cumulatively possessing a majority of the electoral votes, and the State of New Jersey remains a member of that agreement, the elector slate for the purpose of electing the president and vice president shall be certified in accordance with section 1 of this act, P.L.2007, c.334 (C.19:36-4). Amended 2007, c.334, s.3. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:23 NJSA 19:23-1 Notice, State committee to county committee; county committee to municipal clerks The chairman of the State committee of a political party shall, on or before March 1 in the year when a Governor is to be elected, notify in writing the chairman of each county committee of such party of the number of male or female members or members with less than one full vote to be elected from the county at the ensuing primary election for the general election, and each such chairman shall, not later than the 74th day preceding the primary election for the general election, send a copy of such notice to the county clerk. The chairman of each county committee shall also, not later than the 74th day preceding the primary election for the general election, file with the clerks of the several municipalities the number of committeemen to be elected at the ensuing primary for the general election to the county committee. amended 1946, c.11, ss.13,17; (1946, c.11, ss.13,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.22; 1965, c.4, s.10; 1966, c.19, s.5; 1967, c.7, s.4; 1967, c.26, s.4; 1968, c.292, s.4; 1978, c.15, s.3; 2005, c.136, s.25; 2007, c.61, s.10; 2011, c.134, s.23; 2023, c.16, s.7. NJSA 19:23-5 Party candidates for primary nominated by members of same party by petition Candidates to be voted for at the primary election for the general election shall be nominated exclusively by the members of the same political party by petition in the manner herein provided. NJSA 19:23-6 Address of petitions Petitions nominating candidates to be voted for by the voters of a political party throughout the entire State or of any subdivisions thereof more than a single county or any congressional district shall be addressed to the Secretary of State. Petitions nominating candidates for election to the Senate or General Assembly shall be addressed to the Secretary of State. Petitions nominating candidates to be voted for by the voters of a political party throughout a county or any county election district or subdivision of a county comprising more than a single municipality, shall be addressed to the clerk of the county. All other petitions shall be addressed to the clerks of municipalities. Amended by L.1967, c. 22, s. 2, eff. March 23, 1967; L.1975, c. 43, s. 1, eff. April 3, 1975. NJSA 19:23-7 Signers; certificates of candidates Each such petition shall set forth that the signers thereof are qualified voters of the State, congressional district, county, or county election district, municipality, ward or election district, as the case may be, in which they reside and for which they desire to nominate candidates; that they are members of a political party (naming the same), and that they intend to affiliate with that political party at the ensuing election; that they indorse the person or persons named in their petition as candidate or candidates for nomination for the office or offices therein named, and that they request that the name of the person or persons therein mentioned be printed upon the official primary ballots of their political party as the candidate or candidates for such nomination. The petition shall further state the residence and post-office address of each person so indorsed, and shall certify that the person or persons so indorsed is or are legally qualified under the laws of this State to be nominated, and is or are a member or members of the political party named in the petition. The petitions of a candidate for any State, county, or municipal elective public office shall also include a functioning e-mail address for the candidate. Accompanying the petition, each person indorsed therein shall file a certificate, stating that he is qualified for the office mentioned in the petition, that he is a member of the political party named therein, that he consents to stand as a candidate for nomination at the ensuing primary election of such political party, and that, if nominated, he consents to accept the nomination, to which shall be annexed the oath of allegiance prescribed in R.S.41:1-1, duly taken and subscribed by him before an officer authorized to take oaths in this State. Each petition shall be arranged to contain double spacing between the signature lines of the petition, so that each signer thereof is afforded sufficient space to provide his or her printed name, address and signature. Any form of a petition of nomination, other than petitions for federal office, which is provided to candidates by the Secretary of State, the county clerk, or the municipal clerk shall contain the following notice: "Notice: All candidates are required by law to comply with the provisions of the 'New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act.' For further information, please call (insert phone number of the Election Law Enforcement Commission)." Amended 1948, c.438, s.7; 1949, c.24, ss.7,12; 1975, c.43, s.2; 1983, c.579, s.3; 1984, c.12, s.3; 1994, c.77, s.9; 2018, c.66, s.2. NJSA 19:23-8 Numbers of signers to petitions The petitions for candidates to be voted for by the voters of a political party throughout the entire State shall in the aggregate be signed by at least 1,000 such voters; in the case of candidates to be voted for by the voters of a political party throughout a congressional district by at least 200 of such voters; in the case of candidates for the Senate and General Assembly at least 100 such voters; in the case of candidates to be voted for by the voters of a political party throughout a county or any county election district, by at least 100 of such voters; in the case of candidates to be voted for by the voters of a political party throughout a municipality having a population in excess of 14,000 as ascertained by the last Federal census by at least 50 of such voters; in the case of candidates to be voted for by the voters of a political party throughout all other municipalities or any ward of any municipality by at least 25 of such voters; in the case of a candidate to be voted for by the voters of a political party within a single election district by at least 10 of such voters. Notwithstanding the above provisions, in the case of petitions for candidates to be voted for by the voters of a political party throughout any municipality, ward, or election district, the number of signers of any such petition may be fewer than the minimum number specified above but shall be at least 5% in number of the total vote cast by the voters of that political party at the last preceding primary election held for the election of that party's candidates for the General Assembly. In no case, however, shall there be fewer than one signer of any such petition. Amended by L.1945, c. 285, p. 836, s. 1; L.1948, c. 438, p. 1699, s. 8; L.1967, c. 22, s. 3, eff. March 23, 1967; L.1975, c. 43, s. 3, eff. April 3, 1975; L.1981, c. 164, s. 1. NJSA 19:23-10 Single or several petitions; signing rules and regulations Not all of the names of petitioners need be signed to a single petition, but any number of petitions of the same purport may be filed; but in the aggregate the signatures thereto indorsing any one person shall be the number required by this title. The signers to petitions shall not therein indorse or recommend more persons as candidates for the position than are to be chosen at the ensuing primary election in the State or political subdivision in which the signers to the petition reside, nor shall such signers indorse more persons as candidates for nomination to office than are to be elected in the state or political subdivision. No member of one political party shall sign his name to any petition purporting to indorse any person as a candidate for office of another political party. A candidate shall be permitted to sign or circulate, or both sign and circulate, the petition required for that candidate to seek nomination for elective office. Amended 2010, c.68, s.3. NJSA 19:23-11 Verification of petitions Such petitions shall be verified by the oath or affirmation by affidavit of the person who circulates each petition, including a candidate who signs or circulates, or both signs and circulates, such a petition, taken and subscribed before a person qualified under the laws of New Jersey to administer an oath, to the effect that the affiant personally circulated the petition; that the petition is signed by each of the signers thereof in his proper handwriting; that the signers are to the best knowledge and belief of the affiant legal voters of the State or political subdivision thereof, as the case may be, as stated in the petition, belong to the political party named in the petition; and that the petition is prepared and filed in absolute good faith for the sole purpose of indorsing the person or persons therein named, in order to secure his or their nomination or selection as stated in such petition. The person who circulates the petition shall be a registered voter in this State whose party affiliation is of the same political party named in the petition. amended 2010, c.68, s.4; 2014, c.83, s.2. NJSA 19:23-12 Committee on vacancies The signers to petitions for "Choice for President," delegates and alternates to national conventions, for Governor, United States Senator, member of the House of Representatives, State Senator, member of the General Assembly and any county office may name three persons in their petition as a committee on vacancies. This committee shall have power in case of death or resignation or otherwise of the person indorsed as a candidate in said petition to fill such vacancy by filing with the Secretary of State in the case of officers to be voted for by the voters of the entire State or a portion thereof involving more than one county thereof or any congressional district, and with the county clerk in the case of officers to be voted for by the voters of the entire county or any county election district, a certificate of nomination to fill the vacancy. Such certificate shall set forth the cause of the vacancy, the name of the person nominated and that the person is a member of the same political party as the candidate for whom the person is substituted, the office for which the person is nominated, the name of the person for whom the new nominee is to be substituted, the fact that the committee is authorized to fill vacancies and such further information as is required to be given in any original petition of nomination. The certificate so made shall be executed and sworn to by the members of such committee, and shall upon being filed at least 62 days before election have the same force and effect as the original petition of nomination for the primary election for the general election and there shall be annexed thereto the oath of allegiance prescribed in R.S.41:1-1 duly taken and subscribed by the person so nominated before an officer authorized to take oaths in this State. The name of the candidate submitted shall be immediately certified to the proper municipal clerks. In addition, a person so nominated for the office of Governor or the office of member of the Senate or General Assembly shall annex to the certificate a statement signed by the candidate that the candidate: a. has not been convicted of any offense graded by Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes as a crime of the first, second, third or fourth degree, or any offense in any other jurisdiction which, if committed in this State, would constitute such a crime; or b. has been so convicted, in which case, the candidate shall disclose on the statement the crime for which convicted, the date and place of the conviction and the penalties imposed for the conviction. Such a candidate may, as an alternative, submit with the statement a copy of an official document that provides such information. If the candidate has been convicted of more than one criminal offense, such information about each conviction shall be provided. Records expunged pursuant to chapter 52 of Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes shall not be subject to disclosure. amended 1942, c.50, s.8; 1949, c.24, ss.8,12; 1975, c.43, s.4; 1985, c.92, s.17; 2004, c.26, s.3; 2011, c.37, s.7; 2022, c.7, s.2; 2023, c.16, s.8. NJSA 19:23-13 Vacancies caused by death or declining the office; new petition; oath of allegiance Should any person indorsed in any petition as a candidate to be voted for at any primary election, except for the office of "Choice for President," delegates and alternates to national conventions, Governor, United States Senator, member of the House of Representatives, State Senator, members of the General Assembly, and any county office, die within three days after the last day for filing such petition, or in writing filed within three days after the last day for filing such petition with the county clerk or municipal clerk with whom such petition had been filed, decline to stand as a candidate, the vacancy or vacancies thus caused shall be filled by a majority of the persons signing the petition in and by which the person so dying or declining was indorsed, filing within three days after the occurrence of the vacancy with the municipal clerk, a new petition, setting forth the name of the person dying or declining the office for which he was indorsed, and the name of the person to be substituted, to which shall be annexed the oath of allegiance prescribed in section 41:1-1 of the Revised Statutes duly taken and subscribed by the person so nominated before an officer authorized to take oaths in this State. Such petition shall be verified by three of the signers, and shall have the same force and effect as the original petition. Amended by L.1942, c. 50, p. 284, s. 9; L.1949, c. 24, p. 78, s. 9. NJSA 19:23-14 Certification by municipal clerk 19:23-14. Petitions addressed to the Secretary of State, the county clerks, or the municipal clerks shall be filed with such officers, respectively, before 4:00 p.m. of the 71st day next preceding the day of the holding of the primary election for the general election. Not later than noon of the 61st day preceding the primary election for the general election, the municipal clerk shall certify to the county clerk the full and correct names and addresses of all candidates for nomination for public and party office and the name of the political party of which such persons are candidates together with their slogan and designation. The county clerk shall transmit this information to the Election Law Enforcement Commission in the form and manner prescribed by the commission and shall notify the commission immediately upon the withdrawal of a petition of nomination. amended 1940, c.135, s.1; 1941, c.166, s.1; 1942, c.50, s.9a; 1948, c.2, s.23; 1956, c.53, s.2; 1983, c.579, s.4; 1985, c.92, s.18; 2001, c.211, s.1; 2011, c.37, s.8; 2022, c.7, s.3; 2022, c.70, s.2. NJSA 19:23-15 Acceptance, statement by candidates to accompany petitions Accompanying the petition and attached thereto each person indorsed therein shall file a certificate, stating that he is qualified for the office mentioned in the petition; that he consents to stand as a candidate for nomination at the ensuing primary election, and that if nominated, he agrees to accept the nomination. Such acceptance shall certify that the candidate is a resident of and a legal voter in the jurisdiction of the office for which the nomination is to be made and there shall be annexed thereto the oath of allegiance prescribed in section 41:1-1 of the Revised Statutes duly taken and subscribed by the person so nominated before an officer authorized to take oaths in this State. No candidate who has accepted the nomination by a direct petition of nomination for the general election shall sign an acceptance to a petition of nomination for such office for the primary election. In addition, no candidate named in a petition for the office of member of the House of Representatives shall sign an acceptance if the candidate has signed an acceptance for the primary nomination or any other petition of nomination for the office of member of the House of Representatives in another congressional district in the same calendar year. Each person indorsed as a candidate for nomination for election to the office of Governor or the office of member of the Senate or General Assembly shall annex to such petitions a statement signed by the candidate that he or she: a.has not been convicted of any offense graded by Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes as a crime of the first, second, third or fourth degree, or any offense in any other jurisdiction which, if committed in this State, would constitute such a crime; or b.has been so convicted, in which case, the candidate shall disclose on the statement the crime for which convicted, the date and place of the conviction and the penalties imposed for the conviction. Such a candidate may, as an alternative, submit with the statement a copy of an official document that provides such information. If the candidate has been convicted of more than one criminal offense, such information about each conviction shall be provided. Records expunged pursuant to chapter 52 of Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes shall not be subject to disclosure. If the same person is nominated for the same office in more than one petition, the statement shall be annexed to one of such petitions. Amended 1949, c.24, s.10; 1998, c.147, s.6; 2004, c.26, s.4. NJSA 19:23-16 Person nominated by petition; filing of certificate 19:23-16. Any person nominated at the primary by having the person's name written or pasted upon the primary ballot shall file a certificate stating that the person is qualified for the office for which the person has been nominated, that the person is a resident of and a legal voter in the jurisdiction of the office for which the nomination is made and that the person consents to stand as a candidate at the ensuing general election to which shall be annexed the oath of allegiance prescribed in section 41:1-1 of the Revised Statutes duly taken and subscribed by the person so nominated before an officer authorized to take oaths in this State. In addition, a person so nominated for the office of Governor or the office of member of the Senate or General Assembly shall annex to the certificate a statement signed by the candidate that the person: a. has not been convicted of any offense graded by Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes as a crime of the first, second, third or fourth degree, or any offense in any other jurisdiction which, if committed in this State, would constitute such a crime; or b. has been so convicted, in which case, the candidate shall disclose on the statement the crime for which convicted, the date and place of the conviction and the penalties imposed for the conviction. Such a candidate may, as an alternative, submit with the statement a copy of an official document that provides such information. If the candidate has been convicted of more than one criminal offense, such information about each conviction shall be provided. Records expunged pursuant to chapter 52 of Title 2C of the New Jersey Statutes shall not be subject to disclosure. Written acceptance of such nomination shall be filed by each candidate so nominated on or before the seventh day following the date of the certification of the results of the primary with the county clerk in the case of county and municipal offices and with the Secretary of State for all other offices. Each county clerk shall post on the county's website the official results of the primary election within 24 hours after the certification of the election results. Amended 1949, c.24, s.11; 2004, c.26, s.5; 2022, c.15, s.1. NJSA 19:23-17 Designation on primary ticket of policy or faction Any person indorsed as a candidate for nomination for any public office or party position whose name is to be voted for on the primary ticket of any political party, may, by indorsement on the petition of nomination in which he is indorsed, request that there be printed opposite his name on the primary ticket a designation, in not more than six words, as named by him in such petition, for the purpose of indicating either any official act or policy to which he is pledged or committed, or to distinguish him as belonging to a particular faction or wing of his political party; provided, however, that no such designation or slogan shall include or refer to the name of any person or any incorporated association of this State unless the written consent of such person or incorporated association of this State has been filed with the petition of nomination of such candidate or group of candidates. Amended by L.1944, c. 231, p. 787, s. 1. NJSA 19:23-18 Grouping of candidates Several candidates for nomination to the same office may in such petitions request that their names be grouped together, and that the common designation to be named by them shall be printed opposite their names. If two candidates or groups shall select the same designation, the secretary of state, county clerk or municipal clerks, as the case may be, shall notify the candidate or group whose petition was last filed, and such candidate or group shall select a new designation. NJSA 19:23-19 Defective petition; notice to candidates In case a petition of nomination shall be defective excepting as to the number of signatures, the officer with whom such petition has been filed shall forthwith notify any candidate so indorsed whose petition for nomination is defective, setting forth the nature of such defect and the date when the ballots will be printed. NJSA 19:23-20 Amendment of defective petition; time specified 19:23-20. Such candidate shall be permitted to amend the petition either in form or in substance, but not to add signatures, so as to remedy the defect not later than 4:00 p.m. of the third day after the last day for the filing of petitions. amended 2022, c.7, s.4. NJSA 19:23-20.1 Deadline for objection to nomination petition 8. Every petition of nomination in apparent conformity with the provisions of this Title shall be deemed to be valid, unless objection thereto be duly made in writing and filed with the officer with whom the original petition was filed not later than 4:00 p.m. of the fourth day after the last day for filing of petitions. If such objection is made, notice thereof signed by such officer shall forthwith be mailed to the candidate who may be affected thereby, addressed to the candidate at the candidate's place of residence as given in the petition of nomination. L.2022, c.7, s.8. NJSA 19:23-20.2 Duties, responsibilities of officer with whom original petition was filed 9. The officer with whom the original petition was filed shall in the first instance pass upon the validity of such objection in a summary way unless an order shall be made in the matter by a court of competent jurisdiction and for this purpose such officer shall have power to subpoena witnesses and take testimony or depositions. The officer shall file a determination in writing in the officer's office on or before the ninth day after the last day for the filing of petitions, which determination shall be open for public inspection L.2022, c.7, s.9. NJSA 19:23-21 Certification by Secretary of State The Secretary of State shall certify the names of the persons indorsed in the petitions filed in the secretary's office to the clerks of counties concerned thereby not later than noon of the 61st day prior to the holding of the primary election, specifying in such certificate the political parties to which the persons so nominated in the petitions belong. In the case of candidates for offices other than federal office, the Secretary of State shall also transmit this information to the Election Law Enforcement Commission in the form and manner prescribed by the commission and shall notify the commission immediately upon the withdrawal of a petition of nomination. amended 1942, c.50, s.10; 1983, c.579, s.5; 1985, c.92, s.19; 2011, c.37, s.9; 2022, c.7, s.5; 2023, c.16, s.9. NJSA 19:23-22 Certification by county clerk The county clerk shall certify all of the persons so certified to the clerk by the Secretary of State and in addition the names of all persons indorsed in petitions filed in the clerk's office to the clerk of each municipality concerned thereby in the clerk's respective county not later than the close of business of the 60th day prior to the time fixed by law for the holding of the primary election, specifying in such certificate the political party to which the person or persons so nominated belong. The county clerk shall also transmit this information with respect to persons, other than candidates for federal office, indorsed in petitions filed in the clerk's office to the Election Law Enforcement Commission in the form and manner prescribed by the commission and shall notify the commission immediately upon the withdrawal of a petition of nomination filed in the clerk's office. amended 1942, c.50, s.11; 1948, c.2, s.24; 1983, c.579, s.6; 1985, c.92, s.20; 2011, c.37, s.10; 2022, c.7, s.6; 2023, c.16, s.10. NJSA 19:23-22.1 Certification by municipal clerks of nominees to county clerks in certain counties In counties having a population of 700,000 or more inhabitants and in second class counties having a population of not less than 300,000 or more than 425,000 inhabitants and in counties having a population of not less than 150,000 or more than 300,000 inhabitants, each municipal clerk shall, on or before the sixth day following the last day for the filing of petitions for the primary election in each year, certify to the county clerk the full and correct names and addresses of all candidates for nomination for public and party office, and the name of the political party of which such persons are candidates, together with their slogan and designation, and the order in which their names were drawn in accordance with the provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes. L.1945, c. 68, p. 346, s. 1. Amended by L.1948, c. 2, p. 43, s. 25; L.1961, c. 62, p. 557, s. 1; L.1965, c. 29, s. 1; L.1981, c. 462, s. 21. NJSA 19:23-22.4 Printing ballots in counties In all counties the county clerk shall cause to be printed a sufficient number of official primary ballots and official primary sample ballots of each political party, in proper form for the mailing of such sample ballots at the times and in the manner and number as required by the provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, and shall furnish such official primary sample ballots to the proper officer or officers on the earliest possible date preceding the primary election. In the counties described by this section, for each election district within the county in which the primary language of 10% or more of the registered voters is Spanish, the county clerk shall similarly cause to be printed bilingually in English and Spanish a sufficient number of official primary sample ballots of each political party, and shall similarly furnish such official primary sample ballots to the proper officer or officers. L.1965, c. 29, s. 2. Amended by L.1974, c. 51, s. 1, eff. June 25, 1974 NJSA 19:23-22.5 Cost of printing ballots in certain counties In counties having a population of 700,000 or more inhabitants and in second class counties having a population of not less than 300,000 or more than 425,000 inhabitants and in counties having a population of not less than 150,000 or more than 300,000 inhabitants, the cost of printing of the official primary election ballots and primary election sample ballots shall be paid by the county but the county shall be reimbursed by the municipalities, each municipality paying such amount as shall be apportioned to it by the county clerk based on the proportion of the number of such official primary election ballots and primary election sample ballots required for use in such municipality. L.1965, c. 29, s. 3. Amended by L.1981, c. 462, s. 22. NJSA 19:23-23 Separate ballot for each party There shall be separate ballots for each political party. Such ballots shall be alike in form for all political parties. NJSA 19:23-24 Primary election ballots; position The position which the candidates and bracketed groups of names of candidates for the primary for the general election shall have upon the ballots used for the primary election for the general election, in the case of candidates for nomination for members of the United States Senate, Governor, members of the House of Representatives, members of the State Senate, members of the General Assembly, choice for President, delegates and alternates-at-large to the national conventions of political parties, district delegates and alternates to conventions of political parties, candidates for party positions, and county offices or party positions which are to be voted for by the voters of the entire county or a portion thereof greater than a single municipality, including a congressional district which is wholly within a single municipality, shall be determined by the county clerks in their respective counties; and, excepting in counties where R.S.19:49-2 applies, the position on the ballot used for the primary election for the general election in the case of candidates for nomination for office or party position wherein the candidates for office or party position to be filled are to be voted for by the voters of a municipality only, or a subdivision thereof (excepting in the case of members of the House of Representatives) shall be determined by the municipal clerk in such municipalities, in the following manner: The county clerk, or the county clerk's deputy, or the municipal clerk or the municipal clerk's deputy, as the case may be, shall at the clerk's office on the 61st day prior to the primary election for the general election at three o'clock in the afternoon draw from the box, as hereinafter described, each card separately without knowledge on the clerk's part as to which card the clerk is drawing. Any legal voter of the county or municipality, as the case may be, shall have the privilege of witnessing such drawing. The person making the drawing shall make public announcement at the drawing of each name, the order in which same is drawn, and the office for which the drawing is made. When there is to be but one person nominated for the office, the names of the several candidates who have filed petitions for such office shall be written upon cards (one name on a card) of the same size, substance and thickness. The cards shall be deposited in a box with an aperture in the cover of sufficient size to admit a man's hand. The box shall be well shaken and turned over to thoroughly mix the cards, and the cards shall then be withdrawn one at a time. The first name drawn shall have first place, the second name drawn, second place, and so on; the order of the withdrawal of the cards from the box determining the order of arrangement in which the names shall appear upon the primary election ballot. Where there is more than one person to be nominated to an office where petitions have designated that certain candidates shall be bracketed, the position of such bracketed names on the ballot (each bracket to be treated as a single name), together with individuals who have filed petitions for nomination for such office, shall be determined as above described. Where there is more than one person to be nominated for an office and there are more candidates who have filed petitions than there are persons to be nominated, the order of the printing of such names upon the primary election ballots shall be determined as above described. The county clerk in certifying to the municipal clerk the offices to be filled and the names of candidates to be printed upon the ballots used for the primary election for the general election, shall certify them in the order as drawn in accordance with the above described procedure, and the municipal clerk shall print the names upon the ballots as so certified and in addition shall print the names of such candidates as have filed petitions with him in the order as determined as a result of the drawing as above described. Candidates for the office of the county executive in counties that have adopted the county executive plan of the "Optional County Charter Law," P.L.1972, c.154 (C.40:41A-1 et seq.), shall precede the candidates for other county offices for which there are candidates on the ballot used for the primary election for the general election. amended 1942, c.50, s.12; 1985, c.92, s.21; 1995, c.191, s.3; 2005, c.136, s.26; 2011, c.37, s.11; 2011, c.134, s.24; 2022, c.7, s.7; 2023, c.16, s.11. NJSA 19:23-25 Make up and printing ballot The ballots shall be made up and printed in substantially the following form: Each ballot shall have at the top a coupon at least two inches deep extending across the ballot above a perforated line. The coupon shall be numbered for each of the political parties, respectively, from one consecutively to the number of ballots delivered and received by the election officers of the respective polling places. Upon the coupon and above the perforated line shall be the words "To be torn off by the judge of election. Fold to this line." Below the perforated line shall be printed the words "Official Democratic Party Primary Ballot," or "Official Republican Party Primary Ballot," or, as the case may be, naming the proper political party, as provided in this Title; below which and extending across the ballot in one or more lines, as may be necessary, shall be printed the words ................ name of municipality ................... ward ................ election district ..................... date of election ................... John Doe, municipal clerk; the blank spaces shall be filled in with the name of the proper municipality, the ward and the district number and the date of election. The name of the municipal clerk shall be a facsimile of his signature. This heading shall be set apart from the body of the ballot by a heavy diagram rule. Below this rule shall be printed the following directions instructing the voter how to indicate his choice for each office and position, and for how many persons to vote for each office and position: To vote for any person whose name is printed upon this ballot mark a cross x , plus + or check with ink or pencil in the square at the left of the name of such person. To vote for any person whose name is not printed upon this ballot write or paste the name in the blank space under the proper title of office and mark a cross x , plus + or check with ink or pencil in the square at the left of the name of such person. Below these instructions shall be printed a heavy diagram rule below which shall be printed the titles of offices and positions for which candidates are to be voted for at the primary election, together with such directions to the voter as may be necessary, as "Vote for one," "Vote for two," or a greater number, as the case may be. Underneath the proper title of office and position shall be printed the names of all those persons certified as candidates for the offices to the municipal clerk by the county clerk as hereinbefore provided, and the names of persons indorsed as such candidates in petitions on file in the office of the municipal clerk as they appear signed to the certificate of acceptance. The name of any person indorsed in a petition as provided who shall fail to certify his consent and agreement to be a candidate for nomination to the office specified therein shall not be printed upon the ballots to be used at the primary election. In the case of a vacancy among nominees the name of the person selected in the manner provided in this Title to fill same shall be printed upon the ballots in the place of the person vacating such nomination. The candidates shall be arranged in groups and the groups bracketed in all cases where the petitions indorsing such candidates request such grouping. The designation named by candidates in their petitions for nomination, as provided by this Title shall be printed to the right of the names of such candidates or groups of candidates in as large type as the space will allow. Immediately to the left and on the same line with the name of each candidate for office and position shall be printed a square approximately one-quarter of an inch in size, or by printing vertical single line rules connecting the single line rules between the names of the candidates and thus form a square in which the voter shall indicate his choice. A single light-faced rule shall be used to separate the different names in each group of candidates. A heavy diagram rule shall be used between each group of candidates for different offices. Where candidates are arranged in groups and the groups bracketed, the groups shall be separated from other groups and candidates by two single line rules approximately one-eighth of an inch apart. Each primary ballot shall contain, at the end of the list of candidates for each different office, blank squares and spaces or lines equal to the number of persons to be elected to the office, for the purpose of allowing any voter to write or paste the name of any person for whom he desires to vote for any office or party position. Amended 1947,c.104,s.8; 1994,c.77,s.10. NJSA 19:23-25.1 Designation or slogan on primary ballots No designation or slogan shall be printed on any ballot to be used in the conduct of any primary election in connection with any candidate or group of candidates for office, which designation or slogan includes or refers to the name of any other person unless the written consent of such other person has been filed with the petition of nomination of such candidate or group of candidates. L.1944, c. 8, p. 23, s. 3. NJSA 19:23-26.1 Primary election for U.S. Senate and Governorship; placement of names of candidates on ballot In the case of a primary election for the nomination of a candidate for the office of United States Senator and in the case of a primary election for the nomination of a candidate for the office of Governor, the names of all candidates for the office of United States Senator or Governor shall be printed on the official primary ballot in the first column or horizontal row designated for the party of those candidates. In the event that the nomination of candidates for both offices shall occur at the same primary election, the names of all candidates for the office of United States Senator shall be printed in the first column or horizontal row designated for the party of those candidates, and the names of all candidates for the office of Governor shall be printed in the second column or horizontal row. No candidate for nomination for any other office shall have his name printed in the same column or horizontal row as the candidates for nomination for the office of United States Senator or Governor. L.1981, c. 71, s. 1, eff. March 23, 1981. NJSA 19:23-26.2 Application of laws on primary election for general election The provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes which apply particularly to a primary election for the general election shall apply to this act insofar as they are not inconsistent with its special provisions. L.1981, c. 71, s. 2, eff. March 23, 1981. NJSA 19:23-27 Printing of ballots; number; cost paid by municipalities Not later than twelve o'clock noon of the Saturday preceding a primary for the general election each municipal clerk shall have had printed and on hand in his office for the use of each of the political parties official primary ballots equal in number to one and one-tenth times the number of votes cast by such political party at the last preceding general election at which electors for president and vice president of the United States were voted for in such election district. When an election district shall have been divided or the boundaries thereof changed, or a new district created, the municipal clerk shall ascertain as nearly as may be possible the number of voters in the new or rearranged or divided district, and provide therefor a sufficient number of official primary ballots in the above proportion. The cost of printing the official primary ballots shall be paid by the respective municipalities. NJSA 19:23-28 Style of ballot; paper and type The ballots shall be printed on plain white paper uniform in size, quality and type and of such thickness that the printing thereon cannot be distinguished from the back of the paper, and without any mark, device or figure on the front or back except as in and by this title provided. NJSA 19:23-29 Error in ballots; correction When it shall appear that any error or omission has occurred in the copy prepared by the municipal clerk for the printer or in the printing of the official ballots for any primary election by any municipal clerk, any voter resident in any election district affected by such error or omission may present to a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county containing the election district, a verified statement setting forth the error or omission, and such judge, being satisfied thereof, shall thereupon summarily, by his order, require the municipal clerk to correct the error or omission, or show cause why it should not be corrected. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 338, s. 25. NJSA 19:23-30 Number of ballots and envelopes; printing; delivery; cost paid by municipalities a. In counties not having a superintendent of elections where the county board of elections does not have the equipment or facilities to address and mail sample ballot envelopes, the municipal clerk shall cause to be printed as herewith prescribed a sufficient number of official primary sample ballots of each political party in each election district and shall furnish a sufficient number of stamped envelopes to enable every district board to mail one copy of such ballot of each political party to each voter who is registered in the district for the primary election, less the number of voters who have been sent a confirmation notice pursuant to subsection d. of R.S.19:31-15 and have not responded. The municipal clerk shall deliver to the county clerk in all counties and the county board in counties having a superintendent of elections one official primary sample ballot of each political party for each district in his municipality. The cost of printing the official primary sample ballots and the stamped envelopes therefor shall be paid by the respective municipalities. b. In counties having a superintendent of elections, and in other counties where the county board of elections may have the equipment or facilities to prepare a properly stamped envelope addressed to each registered voter in the county for mailing, the municipal clerk shall cause to be printed as herewith prescribed a sufficient number of official primary sample ballots of each political party for each election district and shall furnish a sufficient number of stamped envelopes to enable the commissioner of registration of the county to mail one copy of such ballot of each political party to each voter who is registered in the district for the primary election, less the number of voters who have been sent a confirmation notice pursuant to subsection d. of R.S.19:31-15 and have not responded. The municipal clerk shall also deliver to the county board ten official primary sample ballots of each political party for each district in his municipality. The cost of printing of the official primary sample ballots and stamped envelopes therefor shall be paid for by the respective municipalities. County boards of elections which elect to operate under the provisions of this paragraph shall notify their respective municipal clerks in sufficient time to enable them to make the necessary arrangements the first year. Amended 1941, c.275, s.3; 1946, c.261, s.3; 1947, c.168, s.8; 2009, c.110, s.2. NJSA 19:23-30.1 Information sent to newly-registered voters for primary election 2. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law to the contrary, a voter who registers after the 29th day prior to a primary election and who is eligible to participate in that election may be sent, instead of a sample ballot, notice of the voter's polling place, information on where to obtain a sample ballot prior to the election, a statement indicating that a sample ballot will be available at the polling place on the day of the election, and, if applicable, information on a county website where a sample ballot may be viewed. L.2005,c.139,s.2. NJSA 19:23-31 Sample ballot facsimile of official ballot The official primary sample ballot shall be, as nearly as possible, a facsimile of the official primary ballot to be voted at the primary election and shall be printed on paper different in color from the official primary ballot, so that the same may be readily distinguished from the official primary ballot. It shall state clearly the days, hours, and places at which early voting shall be available in the county. The official primary sample ballot shall have printed at the top in large type the words: "This official primary sample ballot is an exact copy of the official primary ballot to be used on primary election day. This ballot cannot be voted." The official primary sample ballot shall also have printed thereon, following the words which indicate the election district, the following words: "The polling place for this election district is (Stating the location of said polling place)." Amended 2021, c.40, s.14. NJSA 19:23-32 Words on envelopes Each of such envelopes shall have printed on the face thereof, in large type, the words, "Official Primary Sample Ballot," and in smaller type, in the upper left-hand corner, the words, "If not delivered in two days return to the superintendent of elections" in counties having a superintendent of elections, to the "Commissioner of Registration" in other counties and in the lower left-hand corner shall be printed the words "Municipality" followed by a line " " "Ward" followed by a line " " and "District" followed by a line " " arranged in three lines one under the other. Amended by L.1947, c. 168, p. 747, s. 9. NJSA 19:23-33 Sample ballots and envelopes furnished to district boards or commissioner of registration In counties not having a superintendent of elections where the county board of elections does not have the equipment or facilities to address and mail sample ballot envelopes, the municipal clerk in each municipality shall furnish to a member of each district board in his municipality, at his office, or in any other way that he sees fit, on or before Tuesday preceding the start of the early voting period for the primary election in each year, sufficient sample ballots and sufficient stamped envelopes to enable the board to mail sample ballots to the voters as hereinbefore provided. Each of the boards shall give the municipal clerk a receipt for such sample ballots and envelopes signed by one of its members. In counties having a superintendent of elections, and in other counties where the county board of elections shall elect to operate under the provisions of subsection b. of section 19:23-30 of this Title, the municipal clerk in each municipality shall furnish to the commissioner of registration of his county not later than the eighth day preceding the start of the early voting period for the primary election of each year, sufficient stamped envelopes to enable the commissioner of registration to mail sample ballots to each voter who is registered in the county, less the number of voters who have been sent a confirmation notice pursuant to subsection d. of R.S.19:31-15 and have not responded, and shall, not later than noon of the seventh day preceding the start of the early voting period for the primary election furnish sufficient sample ballots to the commissioner of registration of his county for that purpose. The commissioner of registration shall give the municipal clerk a receipt for such sample ballots and envelopes. Amended 1941, c.275, s.4; 1946, c.261, s.4; 1947, c.168, s.10; 2009, c.110, s.3; 2021, c.40, s.15. NJSA 19:23-34 Mailing sample ballots Each of such district boards, in counties not having a superintendent of elections where the county board of elections does not have the equipment or facilities to address and mail sample ballot envelopes, and the commissioner of registration in all other counties, shall prepare and deposit in the post office, on or before twelve o'clock noon on Wednesday preceding the start of the early voting period for the primary, the stamped envelopes containing a copy of the sample primary ballot of each political party addressed to each voter whose name appears in the primary election registry book. Amended 1941, c.275, s.5; 1946, c.261, s.5; 1947, c.168, s.11; 2021, c.40, s.16. NJSA 19:23-35 Posting sample ballots In counties not having a superintendent of elections, where the county board of elections does not have the equipment or facilities to address and mail sample ballot envelopes, such district board shall also post three sample ballots in the polling place in its district. The county board of elections in all counties of the first class, and in other counties where the county board of elections shall elect to operate under the provisions of subsection b. of section 19:23-30 of this Title, shall, not later than the start of the early voting period for the primary election, deliver to the members of the district board three sample ballots for their respective election district. The board shall post the sample ballots in the polling place in its district. Amended 1941, c.275, s.6; 1946, c.261, s.6; 1947, c.168, s.12; 1952, c.61, s.2; 2021, c.40, s.17. NJSA 19:23-36 Return of unused sample ballots and envelopes In counties not having a superintendent of elections where the county board of elections does not have the equipment or facilities to mail sample ballot envelopes, the district boards shall return to the municipal clerk the unused sample ballots and stamped envelopes, with a sworn statement in writing, signed by a majority of the members of the board, to the effect that the remainder of the sample ballots in envelopes were actually mailed or posted as provided in this Title, and the members of the board failing to file such statement shall receive no compensation for the service of mailing. In counties having a superintendent of elections, and in other counties where the county board of elections shall elect to operate under the provisions of subsection b of section 19:23-30 of this Title, the commissioner of registration shall return to the municipal clerk the unused sample ballots and stamped envelopes with a sworn statement to the effect that the remainder of the sample ballots and envelopes were actually mailed or posted as herein provided. Amended by L.1941, c. 275, p. 743, s. 7; L.1946, c. 261, p. 918, s. 7; L.1947, c. 168, p. 749, s. 13. NJSA 19:23-37 Public display of returned envelopes All the envelopes which shall have been mailed but not delivered to the addresses and shall have been returned to the superintendent, commissioner or county board, shall be retained by the superintendent, commissioner or county board, as the case may be, for thirty days, open to public inspection. NJSA 19:23-38 Municipal clerk to members of district boards; receipt The municipal clerk shall on the day preceding the primary election cause to be delivered, at his office, to a member or members of the district board of each election district within his municipality, the ballots and the ballot boxes provided for each election district, and any registers, poll books and other documents that he may have received from the county clerk, the county board or the commissioner, and take a receipt from such member or members therefor, which last mentioned receipt the clerk of the municipality shall file and preserve for one year. NJSA 19:23-39 Members of district boards to board; receipts Such member or members shall on the morning of the primary election, before proclamation of the opening of the polls, deliver the ballot boxes and the ballots by them received to the election boards of their respective election districts, with the seals thereof unbroken, and shall take receipts therefor from the district board, which receipts such member or members shall preserve for one year. NJSA 19:23-40 Primary elections, dates, time The primary election for the general election shall be held for all political parties upon the Tuesday next after the first Monday in June between the hours of 6:00 A.M. and 8:00 P.M., Standard Time. It shall be held for all political parties in the same places as hereinbefore provided for the ensuing general election. Amended 1946, c.11, ss.14,17; (1946, c.11, ss.14,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.26; 1965, c.4, s.11; 1966, c.19, s.6; 1967, c.7, s.5; 1967, c.26, s.5; 1968, c.292, s.5; 2001, c.245, s.4; 2005, c.136, s.27; 2007, c.61, s.11; 2011, c.134, s.25. NJSA 19:23-41 Officers in charge All of the members of the district board shall conduct the primary election for all political parties holding primary elections under this title. NJSA 19:23-42 Method of conducting primary elections The primary election for the general election shall be conducted by the district boards substantially in the same manner as the general election, except as herein otherwise provided. Each district board may allow one member thereof at a time to be absent from the polling place or room for a period not exceeding one hour between the hours of one o'clock and five o'clock in the afternoon or for such shorter time as it shall see fit; but at no time from the opening of the polls to the completion of the canvass shall there be less than a majority of the board present in the polling room or place. Amended 2005, c.136, s.28; 2011, c.134, s.26. NJSA 19:23-45 Requirements for voting in primary elections; affiliation 19:23-45. No voter shall be allowed to vote at the primary election unless his name appears in the signature copy register. A voter who votes in a primary election of a political party or who signs and files with the municipal clerk or the county commissioner of registration a declaration that the voter desires to vote in the primary election of a political party, or who indicates on a voter registration form the voter's choice of political party affiliation and submits the form to the commissioner of registration of the county wherein the voter resides, to the employees or agents of a public agency, as defined in subsection a. of section 15 of P.L.1974, c.30 (C.19:31-6.3), or a voter registration agency, as defined in subsection a. of section 26 of P.L.1994, c.182 (C.19:31-6.11), or to the Secretary of State, either on a paper form or an electronic form using the online voter registration system established under section 1 of P.L.2019, c.382 (C.19:31-6.4c), shall be deemed to be a member of that party until the voter signs and files with the municipal clerk or the commissioner of registration a declaration that the voter desires to vote in the primary election of another political party at which time the voter shall be deemed to be a member of such other political party. The Secretary of State shall cause to be prepared political party affiliation declaration forms and shall provide such forms to the commissioners of registration of the several counties and to the clerks of the municipalities within such counties. No voter, except a newly registered voter at the first primary at which the voter is eligible to vote, or a voter who has not previously voted in a primary election, may vote in a primary election of a political party unless the voter was deemed to be a member of that party on the 55th day next preceding such primary election. Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, or any law, rule, or regulation to the contrary, a voter who is listed to receive mail-in ballots for all future elections, pursuant to the provisions of section 3 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-3) or section 14 of P.L.2018, c.72 (C.19:63-3.1), and who is not affiliated with any political party, shall not receive a mail-in ballot for a primary election. Such unaffiliated mail-in voters shall receive a political party affiliation declaration form and information concerning how to affiliate with a political party and how to vote in person at a polling place on the day of a primary election. The Secretary of State shall cause to be prepared uniform language for such notifications. The commissioners of registration and the county clerks of the several counties and the clerks of the municipalities within such counties shall distribute such forms and information to such registered voters. A member of the county committee of a political party and a public official or public employee holding any office or public employment to which the person has been elected or appointed as a member of a political party shall be deemed a member of such political party. A voter may declare the voter's party affiliation or change the voter's party affiliation, or declare that the voter is unaffiliated with any party regardless of any previously declared party affiliation, by so indicating on a political party declaration form filed with the municipal clerk or the county commissioner of registration. A voter may also indicate that the voter wishes to declare a political party affiliation or that the voter does not want to declare a political party affiliation on a voter registration form filed at the time of initial registration. A voter may declare the voter's party affiliation, or make changes to that affiliation, either on a paper form or an electronic form using the online voter registration system established under section 1 of P.L.2019, c.382 (C.19:31-6.4c). Any person voting in the primary ballot box of any political party in any primary election in contravention of the election law shall be guilty of a disorderly persons offense, and any person who aids or assists any such person in such violation by means of public proclamation or order, or by means of any public or private direction or suggestions, or by means of any help or assistance or cooperation, shall likewise be guilty of a disorderly persons offense. amended 1939, c.354, s.2; 1952, c.158; 1975, c.260, ss.1,2; 1976, c.16, s.1; 1977, c.97, s.1; 2005, c.136, s.29; 2005, c.153, s.1, 2005, c.154, s.6; 2011, c.37, s.12; 2011, c.134, s.27; 2022, c.69, s.1. NJSA 19:23-45.1 Notice of requirements for voting in primary elections, publication 2. a. The county commissioner of registration in each of the several counties shall cause a notice to be published in each municipality of their respective counties in a newspaper or newspapers circulating therein. The notice to be so published shall be published once during each of the two calendar weeks next preceding the week in which the 55th day next preceding the primary election of a political party occurs. b. (1) The notice required to be published by the preceding paragraph shall inform the reader thereof that: (a) no voter, except a newly registered voter at the first primary at which the voter is eligible to vote, or a voter who has not previously voted in a primary election may vote in a primary election of a political party unless the voter was deemed to be a member of that party on the 55th day next preceding such primary election; (b) a voter who is listed to receive mail-in ballots for all future elections, pursuant to the provisions of section 3 of P.L.2009, c.79 (C.19:63-3) or section 14 of P.L.2018, c.72 (C.19:63-3.1), and who is not affiliated with any political party shall not receive a mail-in ballot for a primary election. Such unaffiliated mail-in voters shall receive a political party affiliation declaration form and information concerning how to affiliate with a political party and how to vote in person at a polling place on the day of a primary election; and (c) a voter who votes in the primary election of a political party, or who signs and files with the municipal clerk or the county commissioner of registration a declaration that the voter desires to vote in the primary election of a political party, or who indicates on a voter registration form the voter's choice of political party affiliation and submits the form to the commissioner of registration of the county wherein the voter resides, to the employees or agents of a public agency, as defined in subsection a. of section 15 of P.L.1974, c.30 (C.19:31-6.3), or a voter registration agency, as defined in subsection a. of section 26 of P.L.1994, c.182 (C.19:31-6.11) or to the Secretary of State, either on a paper form or an electronic form using the online voter registration system established under section 1 of P.L.2019, c.382 (C.19:31-6.4c), shall be deemed to be a member of that party until the voter signs and files with the municipal clerk or the commissioner of registration a declaration that the voter desires to vote in the primary election of another political party, at which time the voter shall be deemed to be a member of such other political party, or that the voter chooses not to be affiliated with any political party. (2) The notice shall also state the time and location where a person may obtain political party affiliation declaration forms or voter registration forms. L.1976, c.16, s.2; amended 1977, c.97, s.2; 2005, c.136, s.30; 2005, c.153, s.2; 2011, c.37, s.13; 2011, c.134, s.28; 2022, c.67, s.6; 2022, c.69, s.2. NJSA 19:23-45.2 Cost of publication; payment by counties The cost of the publishing of the notices required to be published by this act by the county commissioners of registration shall be paid by the respective counties. L.1976, c. 16, s. 3, eff. April 8, 1976. NJSA 19:23-45.3 Rules and regulations The Secretary of State shall promulgate such rules and regulations as he deems necessary to implement this act, including the procedures to be followed in the filing, reporting and authentication of declarations of political party affiliation pursuant to R.S. 19:23-45. L.1976, c. 16, s. 4, eff. April 8, 1976. 19:23-46 Requirements for voting in primary elections; affiliation. 19:23-45. No voter shall be allowed to vote at the primary election unless his name appears in the signature copy register. A voter who votes in a primary election of a political party or who signs and files with the municipal clerk or the county commissioner of registration a declaration that he desires to vote in the primary election of a political party, or who indicates on a voter registration form the voter's choice of political party affiliation and submits the form to the commissioner of registration of the county wherein the voter resides, to the employees or agents of a public agency, as defined in subsection a. of section 15 of P.L.1974, c.30 (C.19:31-6.3), or a voter registration agency, as defined in subsection a. of section 26 of P.L.1994, c.182 (C.19:31-6.11), or to the Secretary of State, either on a paper form or an electronic form using the online voter registration system established under section 1 of P.L.2019, c.382 (C.19:31-6.4c), shall be deemed to be a member of that party until the voter signs and files with the municipal clerk or the commissioner of registration a declaration that he desires to vote in the primary election of another political party at which time he shall be deemed to be a member of such other political party. The Secretary of State shall cause to be prepared political party affiliation declaration forms and shall provide such forms to the commissioners of registration of the several counties and to the clerks of the municipalities within such counties. No voter, except a newly registered voter at the first primary at which he is eligible to vote, or a voter who has not previously voted in a primary election, may vote in a primary election of a political party unless he was deemed to be a member of that party on the 55th day next preceding such primary election. A member of the county committee of a political party and a public official or public employee holding any office or public employment to which he has been elected or appointed as a member of a political party shall be deemed a member of such political party. A voter may declare the voter's party affiliation or change the voter's party affiliation, or declare that the voter is unaffiliated with any party regardless of any previously declared party affiliation, by so indicating on a political party declaration form filed with the municipal clerk or the county commissioner of registration. A voter may also indicate that the voter wishes to declare a political party affiliation or that the voter does not want to declare a political party affiliation on a voter registration form filed at the time of initial registration. A voter may declare the voter's party affiliation, or make changes to that affiliation, either on a paper form or an electronic form using the online voter registration system established under section 1 of P.L.2019, c.382 (C.19:31-6.4c). Any person voting in the primary ballot box of any political party in any primary election in contravention of the election law shall be guilty of a disorderly persons offense, and any person who aids or assists any such person in such violation by means of public proclamation or order, or by means of any public or private direction or suggestions, or by means of any help or assistance or cooperation, shall likewise be guilty of a disorderly persons offense. amended 2005, c.136, s.31; 2011, c.134, s.29; 2022, c.67, s.5. NJSA 19:23-47 Preparation and casting of ballots Such voter shall thereupon prepare and cast his ballot in substantially the same manner as is herein provided for the preparation and casting of ballots at the general election and subject to the same regulations. The blank space or spaces under each title of office or party position shall be used for the writing in or pasting of names in the same manner as is provided for voting in the personal choice column of the general election ballot. NJSA 19:23-48 Challenges; procedure If a voter who desires to vote in the same political party box in which he voted at the next preceding primary election is challenged, he shall take an oath or affirmation, to be administered by a member of the district board in the following form: "You do solemnly swear (or affirm) that you are a member of the political party (specifying the political party in which ballot box the affiant voted at the next preceding primary election); that at the last election for members of the general assembly at which you voted you voted for a majority of the candidates of said party nominated for national, state and county offices, and that you intend to support the candidates of said party at the ensuing election, and that you are not ineligible or otherwise disqualified by law to vote in this party primary of the said political party." If the person so challenged shall refuse to take the oath or affirmation so tendered to him, he shall be deemed not qualified or entitled to vote at such primary election. NJSA 19:23-49 Counting of votes At the close of the primary election for the general election each district board shall immediately proceed to count the votes cast at the election and ascertain the results thereof for the candidates of each political party holding such elections, proceeding in the manner indicated by the statement hereinafter provided for, and as nearly as may be in the manner herein required for the counting by the district board of votes cast at the general election. Amended 2005, c.136, s.32; 2011, c.134, s.30. NJSA 19:23-50 Statements of result; contents The district boards shall at the conclusion of the canvass make up and sign three statements of the result of such election. The statements shall in words at length show the total number of names of persons entitled to vote, the whole number of ballots cast for each political party as indicated by the party names at the head of the respective party tickets, the whole number of ballots rejected for each political party, and the number of votes received by each person as a candidate for nomination for office or position. Amended by L.1945, c. 76, p. 408, s. 4. NJSA 19:23-51 Form of statement Such statement shall be substantially in the following form: Statement of the result of a primary election held in the ward election district of the of (municipality) in the county of and state of New Jersey, on the day of 19 : Total number of names of persons entitled to vote at the primary election was : The total number of ballots cast was . The total number of ballots rejected was . (Fill in the name of the political party in each instance and the number of ballots cast or rejected in words at length and in figures.) For candidates of the party for the office or position received votes. (Fill in the name of each candidate and number of votes received by such candidate in words at length and in figures.) NJSA 19:23-52 Certification of statement To such statement shall be added a certificate in the following form: We certify the foregoing to be a true and correct statement of the result of the primary election held in such district at the time above stated and that it correctly exhibits the total number of names of persons entitled to vote, the entire number of votes cast for each political party at such election, the total number of ballots rejected belonging to each party respectively; also the number of votes received by any person who is a candidate of any party for any office or position named on any ballot or ballots cast at such election. In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our hands this ........................... day of ....................... one thousand nine hundred and ...................... . .................................................) District Board ..................................................) of Registry ..................................................) and Election." ..................................................) NJSA 19:23-53 Statements transmitted to clerks and superintendent of elections; access to office of municipal clerk The district board shall immediately deliver or transmit this statement to the clerks of the county and municipality within which such primary election was held. In counties having a superintendent of elections one of such statements shall forthwith be filed with the superintendent of elections of the county. The superintendent may arrange to accept such certificates in each municipality within the county at the office of the clerk of such municipality or some other convenient place. Any municipal clerk who shall refuse to permit such superintendent or his deputies or assistants access to his office for the purpose of collecting such certificates or any municipal clerk or other person who shall interfere or obstruct the superintendent, his deputies or assistants in the collection of such certificates, or any member of a district board who shall willfully fail or refuse to deliver such statement to the superintendent, his deputies or assistants as the case may be, shall be guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. Amended 1945, c.76, s.5; 1947, c.168, s.14; 2005, c.154, s.7. NJSA 19:23-54 Canvass of votes by municipal clerks; certificates of election to county committeemen The municipal clerk shall canvass the statements of the district board, not later than the third day after they are received, as far as they relate to the election of members of the county committee of any political party, and, after counting information on write-in votes, vote by mail ballots, and provisional ballots received from the county clerk or board of elections, as appropriate, shall issue a certificate of election to each person shown by the returns to have been so elected. No person whose name was printed on a primary ballot as a candidate for the county committee shall receive a certificate of election as a member of any other county committee. When a person whose name was not printed on a primary ballot as a candidate for member of the county committee has been elected as a member of the county committee of more than one political party, the person shall file with the municipal clerk within three days a statement certifying to which political party the person belongs, and a certificate of election shall be issued to such person as a member of the county committee of the political party so certified. Any person elected as a member of the county committee of any political party whose name was not printed upon the primary ballot and to whom a certificate of election has been issued, shall before the organization of the county committee file with the secretary thereof a written statement certifying that the person is a member of such political party. The county clerk shall within thirteen days after the primary election certify to the county board two copies of the names and post-office addresses of the persons elected as members of the county committee of the several political parties, together with the ward, district or unit which they respectively represent. Amended 2020, c.71, s.4; 2021, c.108, s.3. NJSA 19:23-55 Canvass of votes by county clerks; statement The county clerks shall within 10 days canvass such statements relating to all officers and positions to be voted for by the voters of the entire State, county, county election district, congressional district, municipality or ward, and determine what persons have by the highest number of votes been so elected or nominated by the political parties. In the case of United States Senator, Governor and member of the House of Representatives the county clerk shall immediately transmit to the Secretary of State a statement showing the total number of votes cast for such officers in the county. The Secretary of State shall furnish the necessary form. In the case of members of the county committee the county clerk within 9 days after the primary shall mail to the chairman of the State committee and to the chairman of the county committee of the respective parties a list of the names of those elected to the county committee, giving the municipalities, ward and district each represents, together with their post-office addresses. Amended by L.1975, c. 43, s. 5, eff. April 3, 1975. NJSA 19:23-56 Certificates of election of members of state committee The county clerk shall issue a certificate to the male or males receiving the highest number of votes among the male candidates for the number of positions to be filled by male members of the State committee and to the female or females receiving the highest number of votes among the female candidates for the number of positions to be filled by female members of the State committee of any political party at the primary as shown by the returns in the county clerk's office. A divided position shall be filled by the one male and the one female candidate receiving the highest number of votes among the male and female candidates for such position. The county clerk shall issue a certificate of election to said male and said female candidates. Amended by L.1978, c. 15, s. 4, eff. March 30, 1978. NJSA 19:23-57 Canvass of votes by secretary of state; certificates of election issued The secretary of state shall forthwith canvass such statements of the county clerks and determine by the highest number of votes what persons have been so nominated by the voters of the political parties of the state or portion thereof involving more than a single county or congressional district, and shall issue a certificate of election to each person shown by such canvass and statement to have been nominated. NJSA 19:23-58 Provisions of title applicable Any provisions of this title which pertain particularly to any election or to the general election shall apply to the primary election for the general election insofar as they are not inconsistent with the special provisions of this title pertaining to the primary election for the general election. Amended 2005, c.136, s.33; 2011, c.134, s.31. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:24 NJSA 19:24-1 Notification relative to number of delegates, alternates to be elected In every year in which primary elections are to be held as herein provided for the election of delegates and alternates to the national conventions of political parties, including any national mid-term convention or conference of a political party, the chairman of the State committee of each political party shall notify the Secretary of State, on or before March 1 of that year, of the number of delegates-at-large and the number of alternates-at-large to be elected to the next national convention of such party by the voters of the party throughout the State, and also of the number of delegates and alternates to be chosen to such convention in the respective congressional districts or other territorial subdivisions of the State as mentioned in such notification. If the State chairmen, or either of them, shall fail to file notice, the Secretary of State shall ascertain such facts from the call for its national convention issued by the National or State committee. Amended 1946, c.11, ss.15,17; (1946, c.11, ss.15,17; repealed 1948, c.2, s.32); 1948, c.2, s.27; 1965, c.4, s.12; 1978, c.15, s.5; 2005, c. 136, s.34; 2007, c.61, s.12; 2011, c.134, s.32. NJSA 19:24-2 Certification as to number of delegates, alternates to be elected The Secretary of State shall, on or before March 20 of that year, certify to the county clerk and county board of each county the number of delegates and alternates-at-large to be chosen by each such party and the number of delegates and alternates to be chosen in each congressional district or other territorial subdivision of the State, composed in whole or in part of the county of such county clerk. Any provisions of this Title which pertain particularly to any election or to the general election or to the primary election for the general election shall apply to the primary election for delegates and alternates to national conventions insofar as they are not inconsistent with the special provisions of this Title pertaining to the primary election for delegates and alternates to national conventions. Notwithstanding any provision of this Title, national and State party rules shall govern the selection of delegates and alternates to national party conventions, provided the State chairman of the political party notifies the Secretary of State prior to March 1 of the year in which delegates and alternates are elected of the applicable party rules governing the delegate selection process. The Secretary of State shall notify the county clerks prior to April 1 of the year in which delegates and alternates are elected of the applicable party rules, if any, which apply to matters within their jurisdiction. Pursuant to this section, the Secretary of State shall issue to the county clerks uniform regulations governing the delegate selection process. Amended 1948, c.2, s.28; 1965, c.4, s.13; 1976, c.9; 2005, c.136, s.35; 2007, c.61, s.13; 2011, c.134, s.33. NJSA 19:24-3 Nomination by petition Candidates for election as delegates or alternates to the national conventions of political parties shall be nominated by petition in the manner herein provided for the nomination of candidates to be voted for at the primary election for the general election except as herein otherwise provided. NJSA 19:24-4 National convention delegates Not less than 100 members of each such political party may file with the Secretary of State at least 64 days prior to the primary election for the general election in any year of a national convention a petition requesting that the name of a person therein indorsed shall be printed on the primary ticket of such political party as candidate for the position of delegate-at-large or alternate-at-large, to be chosen by the party voters throughout the State to the national convention of that party, or as a delegate or alternate to be chosen to that convention by the voters of any congressional district. The signers to the petition for any delegate-at-large or alternate-at-large shall be legal voters resident in the State; and the signers for any delegate or alternate from any Congressional district shall be voters of such district. The Secretary of State shall not later than the 54th day preceding the primary election for the general election certify to each county clerk and county board such nominations for delegates and alternates-at-large and the nominations for delegate or alternate for any Congressional district. Amended 1948, c.2, s.29; 1974, c.9, s.2; 1985, c.92, s.22; 2001, c.211, s.2; 2005, c.136, s.36; 2011, c.37, s.14; 2011, c.134, s.34. NJSA 19:24-5 Delegates grouped; choice for president included in petition Candidates for the position of delegates or alternates may be grouped together, if they so request in their petitions, and in any year of a presidential election may also have the name of the candidate for President whom they favor placed opposite their individual names or opposite such groups, if they so request in their petitions and if the written consent of such candidate for President is endorsed upon their petitions, under the caption "Choice for President." Amended by L.1944, c. 8, p. 23, s. 1; L.1974, c. 9, s. 3, eff. March 15, 1974. NJSA 19:24-6 Delegates and alternates at large; election; ballots For the purposes of electing delegates-at-large and alternates-at-large and district delegates and alternates to national conventions of the political parties in counties in which paper ballots are used, the county clerk, in prescribing the form of sample ballots and in arranging the names of candidates on the official ballots, shall so arrange the ballot that each voter may vote for each candidate for delegate-at-large and alternate-at-large and each district delegate and alternate individually, or in the alternative, may vote by a single marking indicating a vote for all such candidates who have requested to be grouped together in accordance with the provisions of Revised Statutes 19:24-5, in which case such vote shall constitute and shall be tallied as a separate vote for each of the candidates listed in the group. L.1968, c. 28, s. 1, eff. May 6, 1968. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:25 NJSA 19:25-3 Presidential candidates 1. Not less than 1,000 voters of any political party may file a petition with the Secretary of State on or before the 64th day before a primary election in any year in which a President of the United States is to be chosen, requesting that the name of the person indorsed therein as a candidate of such party for the office of President of the United States shall be printed upon the official primary ballot of that party for the then ensuing election for delegates and alternates to the national convention of such party. The petition shall be prepared and filed in the form and manner herein required for the indorsement of candidates to be voted for at the primary election for the general election, except that the candidate shall not be permitted to have a designation or slogan following his name, and that it shall not be necessary to have the consent of such candidate for President indorsed on the petition. L.1952, c.2, s.1; amended 1985, c.92, s.23; 2001, c.211, s.3; 2005, c.136, s.37; 2011, c.37, s.15; 2011, c.134, s.35. NJSA 19:25-4 Certification of names indorsed 2. The Secretary of State shall certify the names so indorsed to the county clerk of each county not later than the 54th day before such primary election, but if any person so indorsed shall on or before such date decline in writing, filed in the office of the Secretary of State, to have his name printed upon the primary election ballot as a candidate for President, the Secretary of State shall not so certify such name. L.1952, c.2, s.2; amended 1985, c.92, s.24; 2005, c.136, s.38; 2011, c.37, s.16; 2011, c.134, s.36. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:26 NJSA 19:26-1 Return of election documents, equipment At the close of all primary elections held according to the provisions of this title, and after counting the ballots cast at such primary and making the statements thereof as herein provided, each district board shall place all ballots voted at the election and all spoiled and unused ballots inside the ballot boxes used at such election, and after locking and sealing the same, shall forthwith deliver the ballot boxes to the municipal clerk and the keys thereof to the county clerk. The signature copy register binders and the current primary party poll books used at the primary election shall be returned by the district boards to the commissioner, not later than noon of the day following the primary election for the general election. The commissioner shall return the primary party poll books used at the primary election to the municipal clerks not later than one month preceding the next primary election. The county clerks, in counties other than counties of the first class, shall, during the ten days next preceding the third registry day deliver, at their offices or in any other way they may see fit, the register of voters to the respective district boards. The county clerks in counties of the first class shall deliver the register of voters to the municipal clerks, who shall deliver such register to the district boards at the same time and with the official general election sample ballots. Amended 2005, c.136, s.39; 2011, c.134, s.37. NJSA 19:26-2 Primary books; public inspection; removal of names The party primary poll books shall be subject to public inspection, and any voter whose name appears therein may apply to a judge of the Superior Court in the county, at any time prior to the next primary election to have the person's name stricken from such book, and the court shall have power to hear the application in a summary way at such time and upon such notice to that person as it may prescribe, and if satisfied that the applying voter's name has been improperly placed on such primary book, the court may make an order directing the commissioner, the county clerk or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, to erase the name from the primary book, and the commissioner or clerk, as the case may be, shall thereupon erase the same. Amended 1953, c.19, s.26; 1991,c.91,s.246. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:27 NJSA 19:27-1 Nominations, elections and ascertainment and certification of results as provided for primary and general elections Except as herein otherwise provided candidates for public office to be voted for at any special election shall be nominated and the special election shall be conducted and the results thereof ascertained and certified in the same manner and under the same conditions, restrictions and penalties as herein provided for primary and general elections. NJSA 19:27-2 New register not required in unchanged election districts In all cases where the boundaries of an election district shall have remained unchanged between one election and the time for preparing registers of voters for a next ensuing special election, it shall not be necessary for the district board of such district to make a new register of voters, but only to correct and revise the register of voters used at the general election next preceding the special election. NJSA 19:27-3 Nomination of candidates by petition Candidates to be voted for at a special election shall be nominated exclusively by the members of the same political party by petition in the manner herein provided.In all cases where the boundaries of an election district shall have remained unchanged between one election and the time for preparing registers of voters for a next ensuing special election, it shall not be necessary for the district board of such district to make a new register of voters, but only to correct and revise the register of voters used at the general election next preceding the special election. NJSA 19:27-4 Writ of election When any vacancy happens in the representation of this State in the United States Senate or in the House of Representatives, the Governor shall issue a writ of election to fill the same unless the term of service of the person whose office shall become vacant will expire within six months next after the happening of the vacancy and except as hereinafter provided. Amended 1948, c.438, s.9; 1981, c.429, s.2; 1988,c.126,s.2. NJSA 19:27-5 Proclamation Every writ of election issued under the provisions of this title shall be of the nature of a proclamation, and shall be signed by the Governor. Amended 1988, c. 126, s. 3. NJSA 19:27-6 Congressional vacancies In the case of a vacancy in the representation of this State in the United States Senate or House of Representatives, the writ may designate the next general election day for the election, but if a special day is designated, it shall specify the cause and purpose of such election, the name of the officer in whose office the vacancy has occurred, the day on which a special primary election shall be held, which shall be not less than 70 days nor more than 76 days following the date of such proclamation, and the day on which the special election shall be held, which shall be not less than 64 nor more than 70 days following the day of the special primary election. The writ shall also specify the day or days when the district boards shall meet for the purpose of making, revising or correcting the registers of voters to be used at such special election. If the vacancy happens in the representation of this State in the United States Senate the election shall take place at the general election next succeeding the happening thereof, unless the vacancy shall happen within 70 days next preceding the primary election prior to the general election, in which case it shall be filled by election at the second succeeding election, unless the Governor shall deem it advisable to call a special election therefor, which he is authorized hereby to do. If the vacancy happens in the representation of this State in the House of Representatives in any year, not later than the 70th day prior to the day for holding the next primary election for the general election, the Governor shall issue a writ of election to fill such vacancy, designating in said writ the next general election day as the day on which the election shall be held to fill such vacancy. The nomination of candidates to fill such vacancy shall be made in the same manner as the nomination of other candidates at the said primary election for the general election. Amended 1957, c.2, s.1; 1981, c.429, s.3; 1985, c.92, s.25; 2011, c.37, s.17. NJSA 19:27-7 Writs delivered to secretary of state Every such writ shall, by the officer issuing the same, be delivered forthwith to the secretary of state, who shall forthwith affix the seal of the state and file the same in his office. NJSA 19:27-8 Copies of writ In case such vacancy happens in the representation of this State in the United States Senate, the Secretary of State shall cause as many copies of such writ to be made as there are counties in the State, and in case such vacancy happens in the representation of this State in the House of Representatives, he shall cause as many copies of such writ to be made as there shall be counties in the vacant congressional district, certify each of the same to be true under his hand and cause them to be delivered to the county clerk and county board of each of such counties. Amended 1988,c.126,s.4. NJSA 19:27-9 Publication of writ The county board of each of such counties shall forthwith after the receipt of a copy of such writ cause the same to be published at least once a week until the time of such primary, general or special election in at least two newspapers printed and published in the county, if so many there be. The publication of the writs shall be at the expense of the State if the election shall be held to fill a vacancy in the representation of the State in the United States Senate or in the House of Representatives. Amended 1981, c.429, s.5; 1988,c.126,s.5. NJSA 19:27-10.1 Vacancy in house of representatives between dates preceding primary and general elections 1. When a vacancy, howsoever caused, happens in the representation of this State in the House of Representatives in any year later than the 70th day prior to the day for holding the primary election for the general election but before the 70th day preceding the day of the general election, and the unexpired term to be filled exceeds one year, the Governor, in issuing a writ of election to fill such vacancy, may designate in said writ the next general election day as the day on which the election shall be held to fill such vacancy and that no primary election shall be held for nomination of candidates to fill such vacancy. In such case, each political party shall select its candidate to fill such vacancy in the same manner prescribed in R.S.19:13-20 for selecting candidates to fill vacancies arising among candidates nominated at primary elections, except that the time for making such selection and filing the statement thereof shall be within 10 days following the issuance of the writ of election. In such case, petitions of nomination of other candidates shall be filed in the office of the Secretary of State within 10 days of the date of such proclamation. The Secretary of State on the eleventh day following the date of such proclamation shall certify to the clerk and county board of each county affected by the vacancy, a statement of all candidates selected and nominated for the office so vacated. The election to fill such vacancy shall in all other respects be conducted as though it were being conducted to fill the office upon the expiration of the term of the incumbent. L.1945, c.206, s.1; amended 1972, c.181, s.2; 1985, c.92, s.27; 2011, c.37, s.18. NJSA 19:27-11 Filling vacancies in county, municipal offices In the event of any vacancy in any county or municipal office, except for the office of a member of the board of county commissioners, which vacancy shall occur after the 77th day preceding the primary election for the general election and on or before the 70th day preceding the general election, each political party may select a candidate for the office in question in the manner prescribed in R.S.19:13-20 for selecting candidates to fill vacancies among candidates nominated at primary elections for the general elections. A statement of such selection shall be filed with the county clerk not later than the close of business of the 68th day preceding the date of the general election. Besides the selection of candidates by each political party as before provided, candidates may also be nominated by petition in a similar manner as herein provided for direct nomination by petition for the general election but the petition shall be filed with the county clerk at least 75 days prior to such general election. When the vacancy occurs in a county office the county clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chairman of the county committee of each political party and in counties of the first class to the county board, and in case the vacancy occurs in a municipal office the municipal clerk shall forthwith give notice thereof to the county clerk, the chairman of the county committee of each political party and in counties of the first class the county board. The county clerk shall print on the ballots for the territory affected, in the personal choice column, the title of office and leave a proper space under such title of office; and print the title of office and the names of such persons as have been duly nominated, in their proper columns. amended 1951, c.119, s.1; 1972, c.181, s.3; 1981, c.429, s.6; 1985, c.92, s.28; 1988, c.126, s.6; 1990, c.33, s.1; 2005, c.136, s.40; 2011, c.37, s.19; 2011, c.134, s.38; 2023, c.16, s.12. NJSA 19:27-11.1 Filling of vacancies in Legislature 7. When any vacancy happens in the Legislature otherwise than by expiration of term, it shall be filled by election for the unexpired term only at the next general election occurring not less than 51 days after the occurrence of the vacancy, except that no such vacancy shall be filled at the general election which immediately precedes the expiration of the term in which the vacancy occurs. In the event a vacancy eligible to be filled by election hereunder occurs on or before the sixth day preceding the last day for filing petitions for nomination for the primary election, such petitions may be prepared and filed for nomination in that primary election in the manner provided by article 3 of chapter 23 of this Title. In the event the vacancy occurs after that sixth day preceding the last day for filing petitions for nomination for the primary election for the general election, a political party may select a candidate for the office in question in the manner prescribed in subsections a. and b. of R.S.19:13-20 for selecting candidates to fill vacancies among candidates nominated at primary elections for the general elections. A statement of such selection under R.S.19:13-20 shall be filed with the Secretary of State not later than the 48th day preceding the date of the general election. Besides the selection of candidates by each political party, candidates may also be nominated by petition in a manner similar to direct nomination by petition for the general election; but if the candidate of any party to fill the vacancy will be chosen at a primary election, such petition shall be filed with the Secretary of State at least 64 days prior to the primary election; and if no candidate of any party will be chosen at a primary election, such petition shall be filed with the Secretary of State not later than 12 o'clock noon of the day on which the first selection meeting by any party is held under this section to select a nominee to fill the vacancy. When the vacancy occurs in the Senate or General Assembly, the county clerk of each county which is comprised in whole or part in the Senate or General Assembly district shall forthwith give notice thereof to the chairman of the county committee of each political party and in counties of the first class to the county board. The county clerk shall print on the ballots for the territory affected, in the personal choice column, the title of office and leave a proper space under such title of office; and print the title of office and the names of such persons as have been duly nominated, in their proper columns. L.1988, c.126, s.7; amended 1990, c.56, s.2; 2005, c.136, s.41; 2011, c.37, s.20. NJSA 19:27-11.2 Interim successor In the case of a vacancy occurring with respect to a member of the Senate or General Assembly who was elected as the candidate of a political party which at the last preceding general election held for all members of the General Assembly received the largest number of votes or the next largest number of votes in the State for members of the General Assembly, for the interim period pending the election and qualification of a permanent successor to fill the vacancy, or for the interim period constituting the remainder of the term in the case of a vacancy occurring which cannot be filled pursuant to section 7 of this amendatory and supplementary act at a general election, the vacancy shall be filled within 35 days by a member of the political party of which the person who vacated the office was the candidate at the time of his election thereto. The interim successor shall be selected by the appropriate political party's county committee or committees in the same manner prescribed in subsections a. and b. of R.S. 19:13-20 for selecting candidates to fill vacancies among candidates nominated at primary elections, and a statement of the selection of that successor shall be certified to and filed with the Secretary of State in the same manner prescribed by subsection d. of that section for certifying statements concerning the selection of such candidates. The Secretary of State shall thereupon issue to the interim successor a certificate of selection based upon that filed statement of selection, and shall sign his name and affix the seal of the State thereto, and shall without delay deliver that statement to the person so selected. The Secretary of State shall also prepare a certified statement of selection, similar in form to the certificate but addressed to the presiding officer of the house of the Legislature in which the vacancy occurred, and shall sign the statement, affix the seal of the State thereto, and promptly deliver the same to the President of the Senate or Speaker of the General Assembly as appropriate. L. 1988, c. 126, s. 8. NJSA 19:27-11.3 Nomination from floor Members of the political party's county committee or committees who are empowered to select a candidate for the vacated office shall only nominate a candidate from the floor during the selection meeting called under R.S. 19:13-20 by the chairman or chairmen of the committee or committees and shall present written evidence of the nominee's acceptance of the nomination. L. 1988, c. 126, s. 9. NJSA 19:27-11.4 Office remaining vacant In the case of a vacancy occurring with respect to a member of the Senate or General Assembly who was not elected as the candidate of such a political party, the office shall remain vacant pending expiration of the term. L. 1988, c. 126, s. 10. NJSA 19:27-12 Notice of other special elections Notice of special elections other than those to fill vacancies in the United States senate, United States house of representatives, state senate or general assembly shall be given in accordance with the provisions of any statute, ordinance or resolution relative thereto. If such statute, ordinance or resolution fails to provide for the giving of notice by officials to officials or by officials to the public, such notice shall be given in the manner herein provided for giving notice of the general election so far as may be. NJSA 19:27-13 Make-up of registers of voters The registers of voters for such special elections shall be made up as herein provided with such modifications, if any, as to the time of meeting of the district boards as the county boards deem necessary. NJSA 19:27-14 Delivery of registers; disposition after election In each municipality in counties not having a superintendent of elections, the commissioner shall deliver to the clerk of the municipality in which the special election is to be held, at least thirty days prior thereto, the signature copy registers. The municipal clerk shall deliver such signature copy registers and also the registers of voters to the several district boards in time to be used at the special election. In counties having a superintendent of elections the commissioner shall deliver the signature copy registers at his office or in any other way he may see fit, and the municipal clerks shall deliver the registers of voters to the several district boards, in time to be used at the special election. At the close of the special election the district boards shall return such registers as provided in the case of a general election. Amended by L.1947, c. 168, p. 750, s. 15. NJSA 19:27A-1 Short title 1. This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Uniform Recall Election Law." L.1995,c.105,s.1. NJSA 19:27A-2 Power to recall elected officials 2. Pursuant to Article I, paragraph 2b. of the New Jersey Constitution, the people of this State shall have the power to recall, after at least one year of service in the person's current term of office, any United States Senator or Representative elected from this State or any State or local elected official in the manner provided herein. L.1995,c.105,s.2. NJSA 19:27A-3 Definitions 3. As used in this act: " circulator " means an individual, whether paid or unpaid, who solicits signatures for a recall petition; " elected official " means any person holding the office of United States Senator or member of the United States House of Representatives elected from this State, or any person holding a State or local government office which, under the State Constitution or by law, is filled by the registered voters of a jurisdiction at an election, including a person appointed, selected or otherwise designated to fill a vacancy in such office, but does not mean an official of a political party; " jurisdiction " means the electoral jurisdiction, including but not limited to the State, or any county or municipality thereof, within which the voters reside who are qualified to vote for an elected official who is sought to be recalled; " notice of intention " means the notice filed with the recall election official by a recall committee for the purpose of initiating a recall effort; " recall committee " means a committee formed by persons sponsoring the recall of an elected official which represents the sponsors and signers of a recall petition in matters relating to the recall effort; " recall election " means an election held for the purpose of allowing the voters of a jurisdiction to decide whether an elected official shall be recalled from office; " recall election official " means the official authorized by law to receive nominating petitions for an elective office, except that with respect to the recall of the county clerk, it means the Secretary of State; " recall petition " means a petition prepared by a recall committee and circulated as provided by this act for the purpose of gathering a sufficient number of valid signatures of registered voters to cause a recall election to be called; and " sponsors " means the proponents of a recall effort who establish a recall committee. L.1995, c.105, s.3; amended 2014, c.83, s.3. NJSA 19:27A-4 Recall; vote required, service of term, statements, procedures 4. a. An elected official shall be recalled from office upon the affirmative vote of a majority of those voting on the question of recall at a recall election which shall have been held after the officeholder shall have served one year of the term of office from which the person is sought to be recalled. A person serving to fill a vacancy in the term of an elective office shall be subject to recall at such an election after one year of such service. No election to recall an elected official shall be held after the date occurring six months prior to the general election or regular election for that office, as appropriate, in the final year of the official's term. No statement of reasons or grounds for the holding of a recall election or for the recall at such an election of an elected official shall be required in connection with the preparation or circulation of a recall petition, with the transmittal of any notice required under the provisions of this act, with the submission to the voters of the question of the recall of an elected official, or with any other action or procedure relating to such a recall, and to the extent that any such statement of reasons or grounds is offered by the sponsors of a recall petition or by any other person, the sufficiency of that statement shall be a political rather than a judicial question. b. The procedures established in this act to initiate the calling of a recall election may be commenced not earlier than the 50th day preceding the completion of the first year of the term of office by the official sought to be recalled. In the case of an official serving to fill a vacancy in the term of an elective office, the procedures established in this act to initiate the calling of a recall election may be commenced not earlier than the 50th day preceding the completion of the first year of such service. However, the recall election itself shall not be held until after the official has completed one year of such term or service, as appropriate. L.1995,c.105,s.4. NJSA 19:27A-5 Recall petition; signatures required 5. A recall petition demanding that an election be held for the purpose of deciding whether an elected official shall be recalled from office shall be signed by a number of registered voters of the jurisdiction of the official sought to be recalled equal to at least 25% of the persons registered to vote in that jurisdiction on the date of the general election preceding the date on which the sponsors of the petition file a notice of intention pursuant to section 6 of this act. A recall petition shall be filed with the appropriate recall election official. No recall petition shall demand the holding of an election to recall more than one elected official. L.1995,c.105,s.5. NJSA 19:27A-6 Notice of intention; filing 6. Prior to the collection of any signatures, the sponsors of a recall petition shall file a notice of intention with the appropriate recall election official. The notice of intention shall contain the following information: a. the name and office of the elected official sought to be recalled; b. the name and business or residence address of at least three sponsors of the recall petition who shall constitute a recall committee which shall represent the sponsors and signers of the recall petition in matters relating to the recall effort, provided that no recall committee shall sponsor the recall of more than one officeholder and, if a recall effort fails at the ballot, the sponsoring recall committee and the members thereof shall not again sponsor, nor shall the recall committee again finance, an effort to recall the targeted officeholder during the same term of office in which the failed recall effort was attempted; c. the name of the recall committee, which shall be expressed in the following form: "COMMITTEE TO RECALL (name of the official sought to be recalled) FROM THE OFFICE OF (name of the office)"; d. a statement certified by each member of the recall committee that the member is registered to vote in the jurisdiction of the official sought to be recalled and that the member supports the recall of the named official and accepts the responsibilities associated with serving on the recall committee; e. at the option of the recall committee, a statement, not in excess of 200 words, of the reasons for the recall; and f. a statement as to whether the recall election shall be held at the next general election or regular election, as appropriate, or at a special election, as provided in section 13 of this act. L.1995, c.105, s.6; amended 2014, c.83, s.4. NJSA 19:27A-7 Review of notice of intention; approval; publication; answer 7. a. Upon receiving a notice of intention, the recall election official shall review it for compliance with the provisions of section 6 of this act. If the notice of intention is found to be in compliance, the recall election official shall imprint on the face of that notice a statement of the official's approval thereof, which statement shall identify the public office held by the official and include the signature of the official and the date on which the approval was given, and shall, within three business days of receiving the notice, return a certified copy of the approved notice to the recall committee. If the recall committee has requested that the recall election be held at a special election, the recall election official shall also prepare, within that same three-day period, an estimate of the cost of conducting the recall election which shall be added to the notice of intention and printed on the first page of each section of the petition as required by section 8 of this act. The official shall retain, and shall hold available for public inspection and copying, the original notice so approved for a period of not less than five years from the date of such approval. If the notice of intention is found not to be in compliance, the recall election official shall, within that period of three business days, return the notice, together with a written statement indicating the reasons for that finding, to the recall committee, which shall have the opportunity to file a corrected notice of intention. b. Within five business days of approving a notice of intention, the recall election official shall serve a copy of the approved notice of intention on the official sought to be recalled by personal delivery or certified mail, and within two weeks of approving the notice of intention shall cause a copy thereof to be printed in a newspaper published in the jurisdiction or, if none exists, in a newspaper generally circulated within the jurisdiction, and affix to the approved notice of intention previously filed an affidavit of the time and manner of service and proof of publication. The copy of the notice of intention which is published shall be abbreviated to include information on only three members of the recall committee who shall be designated for that purpose by the committee. The recall election official shall retain on file the affidavit and proof for so long as the approved notice of intention is retained. c. Within five business days of being served with a notice of intention, the official sought to be recalled may file an answer to the proposed recall, not to exceed 200 words, with the recall election official if the notice of intention contained a statement of the reasons for the recall. An answer shall be used solely to provide information to the voters and shall be printed on the first page of each section of the petition in the manner provided by section 8 of this act. If the notice of intention did not contain a statement of the reasons for the recall or the official sought to be recalled chooses not to file an answer, that official shall instead provide the recall election official with a written acknowledgment of receipt of a copy of the notice of intention . Within two business days of the filing of such an answer or acknowledgment, the recall election official shall by personal delivery or certified mail serve a copy of that answer or acknowledgment on the recall committee. If no such answer or acknowledgment is filed within the period of time allowed therefor, the recall election official, within two business days of the expiration of that time period, shall by personal delivery or certified mail transmit to the recall committee a signed statement in writing that no such answer or acknowledgment was timely filed with the recall election official. L.1995,c.105,s.7. NJSA 19:27A-8 Format of recall petition; requirements 8. a. No signature appearing on any document other than a recall petition prepared in accordance with the provisions of this section shall be counted among the signatures required under section 5 of this act to determine whether a recall election shall be held. b. A recall petition shall be prepared by the recall committee in accordance with a format, consistent with the provisions of this act, which shall have been approved for such purpose by the Secretary of State. A petition may consist of any number of separate sections which shall be identical except with respect to information required to be entered thereon by the signers and circulators and as otherwise provided herein. The size of the paper used in a recall petition and the number of pages included in each section thereof shall be determined by the recall committee. The back and the front of a piece of paper shall each constitute a page and signatures may be affixed to each such page. c. Each page of each section of a recall petition shall be sequentially numbered and shall include, printed in bold letters in at least 10-point type, the heading "PETITION FOR THE RECALL OF (name of the official sought to be recalled) FROM THE OFFICE OF (name of the office)" and, where appropriate, the information required by subsection e. of this section. The first page of each section also shall bear, in type of uniform size but not less than 8-point type, (1) the information contained in the notice of intention, including any cost estimate prepared and the statement of the reasons for the recall, if one was provided, or a declaration that no such statement of reasons was provided, except that information on only three members of the recall committee need be listed; and (2) a copy of the answer provided by the official sought to be recalled, if one was provided, or a declaration that no such answer was provided, except that no such answer or declaration shall be included if a statement of the reasons for the recall was not provided. d. Each page of a recall petition shall be arranged so that each signer of the petition shall personally affix the signer's signature; printed name and residence address, including street and number, or a designation of residence which is adequate to readily determine location; the municipality of residence; and the date on which the signer signed the petition. A space at least one inch wide shall be left blank after each name for use in verifying signatures when appropriate, as provided by this act. A box shall be provided after each name for the signer to indicate that the signer has had the opportunity to review the information on the first page of that section of the petition. e. (1) Whenever the official sought to be recalled is the Governor or a United States Senator, separate sections of the petition shall be prepared for use by signers registered to vote in each county. Each page of a section shall bear in not less than 10-point type the name of the county in which that section is to be used and the statement, "Only eligible persons residing in ___________________.. (name of county) County shall sign this page." A signer shall not affix the signer's signature to any page of any section unless it bears the name of the county in which the signer is registered to vote. (2)Whenever the official sought to be recalled is a member of the Legislature or a member of the United States House of Representatives and the official's jurisdiction includes parts of more than one county, separate sections of the petition shall be prepared for use by signers registered to vote in each county included within the member's jurisdiction. Each page of a section shall bear in not less than 10-point type the name of the county in which that section is to be used and the statement, "Only eligible persons residing in (name of county) County shall sign this page." A signer shall not affix the signer's signature to any page of any section unless it bears the name of the county in which the signer is registered to vote. (3)The signature of any person to a page of a recall petition bearing the name of a county in which the person is not registered to vote shall be invalid, but the invalidity of such a signature shall not invalidate or otherwise impair the section wherein or page whereon that signature appears, nor shall it invalidate or otherwise impair any other signature to that or any other section of the petition. f. Prior to use, the sections of a recall petition shall be reviewed by the recall election official for compliance with the provisions of this act. The recall election official shall complete the review of the petition within three business days of receipt. No section of a recall petition shall be used to solicit signatures unless it has been so approved and a statement of such approval, signed by the recall election official, has been printed on the first page of that section. g. No obstruction shall be placed over any portion of a page of a petition section at the time that page is presented to a voter to be signed. h. Every member of a recall committee circulating a recall petition shall sign the petition. If any member of the committee shall fail to sign the petition, the petition shall be deemed void. In the event that the signature to the petition of a member of the recall committee shall be deemed invalid, then notwithstanding the provisions of subsection e. of this section, the petition shall be deemed void. A circulator of a recall petition who is not a member of the recall committee shall not be required to sign, or to be qualified to sign, the recall petition in order to solicit signatures for the recall petition. i. If a solicitation for signatures to a recall petition is presented to prospective petition signers by a paid print advertisement or paid mailing, or if a recall petition is presented to such a prospective signer by a paid circulator, the solicitation or petition, respectively, shall disclose prominently in a statement printed in at least 10-point type (1) the identity of the person paying for the printed or personal solicitation, and (2) that the circulator is paid. The Election Law Enforcement Commission shall promulgate such rules and regulations as are necessary to implement the provisions and effectuate the purposes of this subsection. j. No person who is ineligible to sign a recall petition shall, with knowledge of that ineligibility, sign such a petition. No person shall offer to pay or pay another to sign or to refrain from signing a recall petition or to vote or to refrain from voting in a recall election. A person who violates any of the foregoing provisions of this subsection is guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. L.1995, c.105, s.8; amended 2014, c.83, s.5. NJSA 19:27A-9 Circulator of recall petition 9. a. A circulator of a recall petition shall not be required to be a registered voter, but shall be voter eligible, which means at least 18 years of age, a resident of this State, a citizen of the United States, and not otherwise disqualified under the New Jersey Constitution. b. Each completed page of any section of a recall petition which is filed with the recall election official shall include at the bottom of that page an affidavit signed by the circulator of that section which sets forth the following: (1) the printed name of the circulator; (2) the address of the circulator; (3) a statement that the circulator assumed responsibility for circulating that section, that the circulator witnessed the signing of that page by each person whose signature appears thereon, that, to the best information and belief of the circulator, the signers are legal residents of the State and of the county in which the section was circulated, and that the section was circulated in absolute good faith for the purpose of causing the recall of the elected official named in the petition; (4) the dates between which all signatures to that page were collected; and (5) a statement, signed by the circulator, as to the truth and correctness of the aforesaid information. L.1995, c.105, s.9; amended 2014, c.83, s.3. NJSA 19:27A-10 Filing of petition by recall committee; time 10. a. A recall committee shall collect the required number of signatures and file a completed petition with the recall election official within the following time periods calculated from the date that the recall petition receives final approval for circulation from the recall election official: (1) 320 days, when the Governor or a United States Senator is sought to be recalled; and (2) 160 days, when any other elected official is sought to be recalled. b. If a completed petition is not filed within the applicable time period, the petition shall be void. No part of a void petition shall be used in connection with any other recall effort. c. If the official sought to be recalled resigns from office, the collection of signatures shall cease and the petition shall be void. L.1995,c.105,s.10. NJSA 19:27A-11 Review of petition by recall election official 11. All sections of a completed recall petition shall be filed with the recall election official at the same time. When a petition is presented for filing, the recall election official, within 10 business days, shall determine the total number of signatures affixed thereto and whether the completed petition complies with the other provisions of this act. A petition which contains an insufficient number of signatures or otherwise fails to comply with the provisions of this act shall be void. L.1995,c.105,s.11. NJSA 19:27A-12 Contesting decisions of recall officials 12. The determination of the recall election official as to whether a recall petition is signed by a sufficient number of registered voters and otherwise complies with the provisions of this act may, within 10 business days of issuance, be challenged by the official sought to be recalled or by the recall committee by filing a written objection thereto with the recall election official. Upon the request of either of those parties, the recall election official shall provide the party with a duly certified copy of the recall petition and shall allow examination of the original recall petition during regular business hours. The recall election official shall pass upon the validity of an objection in an expedited manner. The decision of the recall election official may be contested, within 10 business days, by filing an action in the Superior Court, which shall hear the matter on an expedited basis and issue an order or determination as soon as possible after filing of the action. Whenever the decision of a recall election official with respect to a recall petition requiring more than 1,000 names is challenged by the official sought to be recalled or by a recall committee, the parties shall be permitted to introduce evidence that, under a random sample method which employs the theory, assumptions and methods of standard statistical analysis, the petition contains either a sufficient or an insufficient number of signatures. The introduction of such evidence shall create a rebuttable presumption that a petition is valid or invalid, as the case may be. L.1995,c.105,s.12. NJSA 19:27A-13 Issuance of certificate as to sufficiency of petition; scheduling of recall election; notice 13. a. (1) If the recall election official determines that a petition contains the required number of signatures and otherwise complies with the provisions of this act and if the official sought to be recalled makes no timely challenge to that determination, or if the official makes such a challenge but the original determination is confirmed by the recall election official or the court, the recall election official shall forthwith issue a certificate as to the sufficiency of the petition to the recall committee. A copy of the certificate shall be served by the recall election official on the elected official sought to be recalled by personal service or certified mail. If, within five business days of service of the certification, the official has not resigned from office, the recall election official shall order and fix the holding of a recall election on the date indicated in the certificate. (2)In the case of an office which is ordinarily filled at the general election, a recall election shall be held at the next general election occurring at least 60 days following the fifth business day after service of the certification, unless it was indicated in the notice of intention that the recall election shall be held at a special election in which case the recall election official shall order and fix the date for holding the recall election to be the next Tuesday occurring during the period beginning with the 60th day and ending on the 66th day following the fifth business day after service of the certification of the petition or, if that Tuesday falls on, or during the 28-day period before or after, a day on which any general, primary, nonpartisan municipal, school district or other recall election is to be held or shall have been held within all or any part of the jurisdiction, then the first Tuesday thereafter which does not fall within such period. In the case of an office which is ordinarily filled at an election other than the general election, a recall election shall be held at the next general election or the next regular election for that office occurring at least 60 days following the fifth business day after service of the certification, unless it was indicated in the notice of intention that the recall election shall be held at a special election in which case the recall election official shall order and fix the date for holding the recall election to be the next Tuesday occurring during the period beginning with the 60th day and ending on the 66th day following the fifth business day after service of the certification of the petition or, if that Tuesday falls on, or during the 28-day period before or after, a day on which any general, primary, nonpartisan municipal, school district or other recall election is to be held or shall have been held within all or any part of the jurisdiction, then the first Tuesday thereafter which does not fall within such period. A recall election to be held at a special election shall not be scheduled on the same day as a primary election. The date for a recall election shall not be fixed, and no recall election shall be held, after the date occurring six months prior to the general election or regular election for the office, as appropriate, in the final year of an official's term. (3)A vacancy in an elective office resulting from the resignation of an elective official sought to be recalled prior to the expiration of the five-day period shall be filled in the manner provided by law for filling vacancies in that office. b.The certificate issued by the recall election official shall contain: (1)the name and office of the official sought to be recalled; (2)the number of signatures required by law to cause a recall election to be held for that office; (3)a statement to the effect that a valid recall petition, determined to contain the required number of signatures, has been filed with the recall election official and that a recall election will be held; and (4)the date and time when the election will be held if the official does not resign. c.The recall election official shall transmit a copy of the certificate to the officer or public body designated by law to be responsible for publishing notice of any other election to be held in the jurisdiction on the same day as the recall election, and that officer or body shall cause notice of the recall election, including all of the information contained in the certificate as prescribed by subsection b. of this section, to be printed in a newspaper published in the jurisdiction of the official sought to be recalled or, if none exists, in a newspaper generally circulated in the jurisdiction. The notice of the recall election shall appear on the same schedule applicable to the notice of such other election. In the event that the recall election is to be held as a special election, the recall election official shall transmit a copy of the certificate to the county board or boards of elections, and the county board or boards shall cause notice of the recall election to be printed, in the manner hereinbefore prescribed, once during the 30 days next preceding the day fixed for the closing of the registration books for the recall election and once during the calendar week next preceding the week in which the recall election is held. L.1995, c.105, s.13; amended 2011, c.37, s.21. NJSA 19:27A-14 Recall election, conduct 14. A recall election shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes which apply to all elections, except that in the case of an election to recall a member of the governing body of a municipality operating under the provisions of the "Uniform Nonpartisan Elections Law," P.L.1981, c.379 (C.40:45-5 et al.), or a member of the school board in a Type II school district, or any other elected official elected under the provisions of another title, the election shall be conducted in accordance with the appropriate provisions of that other title to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this act. Notwithstanding the provisions of any other law to the contrary, for any election at which the question of the recall of an elected official is submitted to the voters, the county clerk or other appropriate officer shall cause samples of the entire ballot to be voted upon at that election to be printed and distributed to the voters of the jurisdiction wherein the recall election is to be held in the same manner as prescribed for the printing and distribution of sample ballots at the general election as provided by article 2 of chapter 14 of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, except that in the case of an election other than the general election, any period of time calculated under the provisions of that article from the date of the general election shall be calculated instead from the date on which such other election is to be held. L.1995,c.105,s.14. NJSA 19:27A-15 Ballot used at recall election; filling of vacancy 15. a. Whenever the elected official sought to be recalled is the Governor or a member of the Legislature, the question of whether or not the Governor or member of the Legislature shall be recalled shall appear on the ballot but no candidates to succeed the Governor or member of the Legislature in the event the recall is successful shall be listed thereon. A vacancy in the office of Governor resulting from a recall election shall be filled pursuant to Article V, Section I of the State Constitution in the same manner as any other vacancy occurring in that office. A vacancy in the office of member of the Legislature resulting from a recall election shall be filled pursuant to Article IV, Section IV, paragraph 1 of the State Constitution in the same manner as any other vacancy occurring in that office, except that no member who is recalled shall be eligible to be selected to fill the vacancy created as a result of the recall. b. Whenever the elected official sought to be recalled is other than the Governor or a member of the Legislature, candidates to succeed the elected official in the event the recall is successful may be nominated within nine days after the fifth business day following service of the certification of the petition by each political party in the manner prescribed in R.S.19:13-20 for selecting candidates to fill vacancies among candidates nominated at primary elections. Candidates may also be nominated within that time period by petition in a manner similar to that used for direct nomination by petition for a general election. In the case of offices in nonpartisan units of government, nomination shall be by petition. An elected official who is the subject of a recall election shall be eligible to be elected as that official's own successor in the event that the election results in the official's recall. c. The ballot used at a recall election shall pose the following question to the voters: "Shall (insert name of elected official sought to be recalled) be recalled from the office of (insert title of office)?" To the right of the question, the words "Yes" and "No" shall appear and each voter shall indicate the voter's choice of one. A recall election sample ballot, but not the actual ballot, shall contain the statement of the reasons for the recall prepared by the recall committee and the answer thereto, if any, which appeared on the petition. d. Whenever a successor is to be chosen at a recall election in the event the recall is successful, the ballot shall indicate: "Nominees for successor to (insert name and title of the elected official sought to be recalled) in the event he (or she) is recalled." The names of all persons nominated as successors shall appear immediately thereafter in such manner as will allow each voter to vote for one. L.1995,c.105,s.15. NJSA 19:27A-16 Results of recall election 16. a. If a majority of votes cast on the question of the recall of an elected official are in the affirmative, the term of office of the elected official shall terminate upon the certification of the election results. Where nominees to succeed the recalled official are voted on at the same election, the successor receiving the greatest number of votes shall succeed to the office of the recalled official upon certification of the election results and shall serve for the remainder of the unexpired term. b. If a majority of votes cast on the question of recall of an elected official are in the negative, the official shall continue in office as if no recall election had been held and the vote for the successor of such officer shall be void. c. An elected official sought to be recalled who is not recalled as the result of a recall election shall not again be subject to recall until after having served one year of a term calculated from the date of the recall election. L.1995,c.105,s.16. NJSA 19:27A-17 Recall committee, recall defense committee; regulation of contributions; reports 17. a. Except as otherwise provided in this section, a recall committee shall be treated as a candidate committee for the purposes of "The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act," P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), except that all contributions received by a recall committee shall be used only for (1) the payment of campaign expenses incurred in the course of and directly related to the committee's effort to promote the recall or the passage of the question of recall at the recall election, (2) the payment of overhead and administrative expenses related to the operation of the committee, or (3) the pro-rata repayment of contributors. b. Except as provided in subsection c. of this section: (1) an elected official sought to be recalled who receives contributions and makes expenditures for the purpose of opposing a recall effort shall establish a "recall defense committee," which shall be separate from, but subject to the same organizational and filing requirements and limitations on the receipt of contributions applicable to, any candidate committee under "The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act," P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.), except that a recall defense committee shall be permitted to receive without limit contributions from the candidate committee or joint candidates committee of the elected official sought to be recalled. A recall defense committee, for all purposes relating to campaign finance, shall be in addition to any candidate committee or joint candidates committee which an official sought to be recalled may by law establish. If an elected official sought to be recalled transfers funds from the official's candidate committee or joint candidates committee to the official's recall defense committee, a new election cycle shall be deemed to begin with respect to the candidate committee or joint candidates committee after the recall election is held or the recall effort fails and such official shall be permitted to solicit and receive contributions thereto, including contributions from prior contributors, up to the limits imposed by P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.). A recall defense committee may be formed at any time after an official sought to be recalled is served with either form of notice provided for by subsection e. of this section. All contributions received by a recall defense committee shall be used only for (a) the payment of campaign expenses incurred in the course of and directly related to the committee's effort to oppose the recall effort or the passage of the question of recall at the recall election, (b) the payment of the overhead and administrative expenses related to the operation of the committee, or (c) the pro-rata repayment of contributors; and (2) any nominee to succeed that elected official shall be treated as a candidate for the purposes of "The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act," P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.). c. The limits on contributions established by 2 U.S.C. s.441a shall apply to a federal elected official sought to be recalled, a candidate to succeed such an official and a recall committee seeking to recall a federal elected official. d. A Governor who is sought to be recalled shall not be entitled to public support pursuant to P.L.1974, c.26 (C.19:44A-27 et seq.) for the purpose of opposing the recall effort. e. Neither a recall committee nor a recall defense committee shall solicit or accept contributions in connection with a recall effort until after either: (1) the recall committee serves written notice of the recall effort on the official sought to be recalled by personal service or certified mail, with a copy thereof filed with the recall election official; or (2) a copy of an approved notice of intention is served on the official sought to be recalled as provided in subsection b. of section 7 of this act. If a recall committee notifies an official sought to be recalled of its intention to initiate a recall effort by the method described in paragraph (1) of this subsection, it must file a notice of intention within 30 days of the date the notice is served on the official or cease the solicitation, acceptance and expenditure of funds. f. Contributions to a recall committee by a candidate committee or joint candidates committee of a candidate who was defeated by the official sought to be recalled at the last election for that office shall be subject to the limits on contributions established by "The New Jersey Campaign Contributions and Expenditures Reporting Act," P.L.1973, c.83 (C.19:44A-1 et seq.). g. A recall committee shall submit, at the time of its initial filing with the Election Law Enforcement Commission, in addition to its depository account registration information, a registration statement which includes: (1) the complete name or identifying title of the committee and the general category of entity or entities, including but not limited to business organizations, labor organizations, professional or trade associations, candidates for or holders of public offices, political parties, ideological groups or civic associations, the interests of which are shared by the leadership, members, or financial supporters of the committee; (2) the mailing address of the committee and the name and resident address of a resident of this State who shall have been designated by the committee as its agent to accept service of process; and (3) a descriptive statement prepared by the organizers or officers of the committee that identifies: (a) the names and mailing addresses of the persons having control over the affairs of the committee, including but not limited to persons in whose name or at whose direction or suggestion the committee solicits funds; (b) the name and mailing address of any person not included among the persons identified under subparagraph (a) of this paragraph who, directly or through an agent, participated in the initial organization of the committee; (c) in the case of any person identified under subparagraph (a) or subparagraph (b) who is an individual, the occupation of that individual, the individual's home address, and the name and mailing address of the individual's employer, or, in the case of any such person which is a corporation, partnership, unincorporated association, or other organization, the name and mailing address of the organization; and (d) any other information which the Election Law Enforcement Commission may, under such regulations as it shall adopt pursuant to the provisions of the "Administrative Procedure Act," P.L.1968, c.410 (C.52:14B-1 et seq.), require as being material to the fullest possible disclosure of the economic, political and other particular interests and objectives which the committee has been organized to or does advance. The commission shall be informed, in writing, of any change in the information required by this paragraph within three days of the occurrence of the change. h. In accordance with the Election Law Enforcement Commission's regular reporting schedule, the commission may, by regulation, require a recall committee or a recall defense committee to file during any calendar year one or more additional cumulative reports of such contributions received and expenditures made to ensure that no more than three months shall elapse between the last day of a period covered by one such report and the last day of the period covered by the next such report. L.1995,c.105,s.17. NJSA 19:27A-18 Statutes inoperative 18. On the effective date of this act, sections 88 through 98 of P.L.1972, c.154 (C.40:41A-88 et seq.); sections 17-19 through 17-29 of P.L.1950, c.210 (C.40:69A-168 et seq.); R.S.40:75-25 through R.S.40:75-44; R.S.40:81-6; and R.S.40:84-12 through R.S.40:84-19 shall become inoperative and shall have no force or effect unless a court of competent jurisdiction issues a final order invalidating the provisions of Article I, paragraph 2b. of the New Jersey Constitution, providing for the recall of elected officials, and the provisions of this act which permit the recall of county or municipal officials, in which case the aforesaid laws shall again become operative and shall have full force and effect as of the date of the court's ruling. L.1995,c.105,s.18. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:28 NJSA 19:28-1 Application for recount When any candidate at any election shall have reason to believe that an error has been made in counting the votes of that election, the candidate may, within a period of 3 days after the certification of the results of the election, apply to a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county wherein such district or districts are located, for a recount of the votes cast at the election in any district or districts. When ten voters at any election shall have reason to believe that an error has been so made in counting the votes upon any public question at any election, such voters may, within a period of 3 days after the certification of the results of the election, apply to a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county wherein such district or districts are located, for a recount of the votes cast at the election in any district or districts on such public question. amended 1953, c.19, s.27; 1991, c.91, s.247; 2005, c.150; 2018, c.72, s.12; 2023, c.124, s.5. NJSA 19:28-2 Expenses of recount; liability for; deposit by applicants Any applicant or group of applicants, as the case may be, for such recount, upon applying therefor, shall deposit with the county clerk or such other public officer or officers as such judge shall direct, such sum of money proportioned to the number of votes to be counted but not exceeding twenty-five dollars ($25.00) for any one district recount of which is asked, as the judge shall order as security for the payment of the costs and expenses of the recount in case the original count be confirmed. Such judge shall fix and determine the amount of compensation to be paid for making the recount, and the costs and expenses thereof. If it appears that an error or errors have occurred as a result of which the election is changed or the difference in the vote between any candidate and any other candidate for the same office or between the negative and affirmative of any such public question is altered in any district by more than ten votes or ten per centum (10%) of the total vote cast in the district, whichever is the greater, the costs and expenses of the recount of such district shall be paid by the State, county or municipality in and for which the election was held, upon the warrant of such judge, as other election expenses are paid. If no error shall appear sufficient to produce such change, the costs and expenses of the recount shall be paid out of the deposit made as security by the party or parties making the application. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 340, s. 28. NJSA 19:28-3 Recount; order and proceedings Such judge shall be authorized to order upon such terms as he deems proper a recount of the votes as he may determine, to be publicly made under his direction by the county board. Such board shall have power to subpoena witnesses to testify and produce documents and paraphernalia as it may determine, after three days' notice of the time and place of the recount has been given by such applicant or group of applicants to such interested party or parties as the judge may direct. The members of the district board shall be subpoenaed to be present at the recount to witness the opening of the ballot box or boxes used in their election district and to give such testimony as the county board deems necessary. The judge shall have power to decide all disputed questions which the county board shall fail to decide by a majority vote. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 340, s. 29. NJSA 19:28-4 Revocation of election certificate; new certificate If it appears upon such recount that an error has been made sufficient to change the result of such election, such judge in case of candidates shall issue an order to revoke the certificate of election already issued to any person and shall issue an order directing the chairman and clerk of the county board of canvassers to issue in its place another certificate in favor of the person who shall be found to have received a plurality of the votes cast at the election, which certificate shall supersede all others and entitle the holder thereof to the same rights and privileges as if such certificate had been originally issued by the canvassing board. In the event the person to whom the certificate of election has already issued shall so request, such judge shall order the recount to proceed in all districts in which such person was a candidate for election and shall withhold the issuance of any such new certificate until it shall finally be determined who has received a plurality of the votes cast at such election. If during the further recount requested by the person to whom the certificate of election has already issued, such person gains sufficient votes to give him more votes than the contestant, the judge conducting the recount may then order that the recount shall not proceed unless the contestant shall deposit such further sum of money as the judge shall require not exceeding twenty-five dollars ($25.00) per district. In case of a tie vote as a result of a recount the judge conducting the recount shall issue an order revoking the certificate originally issued by the board of canvassers. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 341, s. 30. NJSA 19:28-5 Order filed When any such certificate shall be issued or revoked by order of the judge of the Superior Court, his order shall be filed with the Secretary of State or with the clerk of the county or municipality, as the case may be, in and for which such election was held. Amended 1953, c.19, s.31; 1991,c.91,s.248. NJSA 19:28-6 Copies of certificates delivered to successful candidates The secretary of state, county or municipal clerk shall make and certify, under his hand and official seal, a copy thereof, and shall without delay deliver such copy to the person so declared elected. NJSA 19:28-7 Copy of certificate delivered to secretary of state in certain cases In case of an election for senator, members of the assembly or any county officers, the county clerk shall within five days thereafter transmit to the secretary of state at Trenton another copy of such certificate, signed by him and attested by his official seal. NJSA 19:28-8 Correction of errors in referendum recount In case of public questions such judge shall make an order that the result of such election be corrected. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 342, s. 32. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:29 NJSA 19:29-1 Grounds stated The nomination or election of any person to any public office or party position, or the approval or disapproval of any public proposition, may be contested by the voters of this State or of any of its political subdivisions affected thereby upon 1 or more of the following grounds: a. Malconduct, fraud or corruption on the part of the members of any district board, or of any members of the board of county canvassers, sufficient to challenge the result; b. When the incumbent was not eligible to the office at the time of the election; c. When the incumbent had been duly convicted before such election of any crime which would render him incompetent to exercise the right of suffrage, and the incumbent had not been pardoned at the time of the election; d. When the incumbent had given or offered to any elector or any member of any district board, clerk or canvasser, any bribe or reward, in money, property or thing of value for the purpose of procuring his election; e. When illegal votes have been received, or legal votes rejected at the polls sufficient to change the result; f. For any error by any board of canvassers in counting the votes or declaring the result of the election, if such error would change the result; g. For any other cause which shows that another was the person legally elected; h. The paying, promise to pay or expenditure of any money or other thing of value or incurring of any liability in excess of the amount permitted by this title for any purpose or in any manner not authorized by this title; i. When a petition for nomination is not filed in good faith or the affidavit annexed thereto is false or defective. The term "incumbent" means the person whom the canvassers declare elected or the person who is declared elected as a result of a recount; but in the case of a tie vote as a result of the canvass or recount, either party may contest the election, in which case the term "incumbent" means the person having an equal number of votes with the contestant. Amended by L.1956, c. 128, p. 532, s. 1. NJSA 19:29-2 Petition filed with Clerk of Superior Court; contents; verification; bond to incumbent In the case of an office or proposition voted for by the voters of the entire State or more than 1 county thereof, the contest shall be heard by any judge of the Superior Court assigned for that purpose by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, and shall be commenced by the filing of a petition therefor with the Clerk of the Superior Court signed by at least 25 voters of the State or by any defeated candidate for such nomination, party position or public office. In all other cases the contest shall be heard and determined by a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county wherein such office or proposition is to be contested, and shall be commenced by the filing of a petition therefor with the Clerk of the Superior Court, signed by at least 15 voters of the county or by any defeated candidate for such nomination, party position or public office. The petition shall be verified by the oath of at least 2 of the petitioners, or by the candidate filing the same, as the case may be, which verification may be made on information and belief. The petition shall be accompanied by a bond to the State in the case approval or disapproval of any proposition is to be contested and to the incumbent in all other cases, with 2 or more sureties, or a deposit of cash security, to be approved by such judge, in the penal sum of $500.00, conditioned to pay all costs in case the election be confirmed, or the petition be dismissed or the prosecution fail. When the reception of illegal or the rejection of legal voters is alleged as a cause of contest, the names of the persons who so voted, or whose votes were rejected, with the election district where they voted, or offered to vote, shall be set forth in the petition, if known. No petition heretofore filed pursuant to this section shall be dismissed or the prosecution fail because the petitioner shall not have filed a bond with sureties as required herein, and the court shall be construed to have acquired jurisdiction to hear and determine such contest if the petitioner shall have filed with the petition a bond, without sureties, in the penal sum of $500.00, conditioned as required in this section, with a deposit of $500.00 as cash security therefor, approved by a judge of the Superior Court. Amended by L.1947, c. 6, p. 21, s. 1; L.1953, c. 19, p. 342, s. 33; L.1956, c. 128, p. 533, s. 2. NJSA 19:29-3 Filing of certain petitions The petition contesting any nomination to public office, election to party office or position or the proposal of any proposition shall be filed not later than 12 days after the primary election. The petition contesting any election to public office or approval or disapproval of any proposition shall be filed not later than 32 days after such election, unless the ground of action is discovered from the statements, deposit slips or vouchers filed under this Title, subsequent to such primary or other election, in which event such petition may be filed 12 or 32 days respectively after such statements, deposit slips or vouchers are filed. Any petition of contest may be filed within 12 days after the result of any recount has been determined or announced. Amended 1956, c.128, s.3; 2005, c.136, s.42; 2011, c.134, s.39; 2018, c.72, s.13. NJSA 19:29-4 Time for trial; notice The judge shall appoint a suitable time for hearing such complaint, not more than 30 nor less than 15 days after the filing of the petition, and the contestant shall cause a notice of such hearing, with a copy of the contestant's petition, to be served, in the case approval or disapproval of any proposition is to be contested, on the Secretary of State, the county clerk or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, who caused the proposition to be printed on the ballot, and in all other cases on the incumbent at least 10 days before the day set for trial. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 343, s. 34; L.1956, c. 128, p. 535, s. 4. NJSA 19:29-5 Procedure at trial The proceedings shall be similar to those in a civil action so far as practicable, but shall be under the control and direction of the court, which shall hear and determine the matter without a jury, with power to order any amendments in the petition, or proceedings as to form or substance, and to allow adjournments to any time not more than thirty days thereafter for the benefit of either party, on such terms as shall seem reasonable to the court, the grounds for such adjournment being shown by affidavit. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 343, s. 35. NJSA 19:29-6 Witnesses and evidence The court may compel the attendance of any officer of such election and of any other person capable of testifying concerning the same, and also compel the production of all ballot boxes, books, papers, tally lists, ballots and other documents which may be required at such hearing. The style, form and manner of service and process and papers, and the fees of officers and witnesses, shall be the same as in the Superior Court in other cases, as far as the nature of the case admits. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 344, s. 36. NJSA 19:29-7 Witnesses required to testify The judge may require any person called as a witness who voted at such election to answer touching his qualification as a voter, and if the court, from his examination, or otherwise, is satisfied that he was not a qualified voter in the election district where he voted, he may compel him to disclose for whom he voted. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 344, s. 37. NJSA 19:29-8. Judgment; misconduct by members of district boards The judge shall pronounce judgment whether the incumbent or any contestant was duly elected, and the person so declared elected will be entitled to his certificate; and in the case of a proposition, whether the same was approved or disapproved. If misconduct is complained of on the part of the members of any district board it shall not be held sufficient to set aside the election unless the rejection of the vote of such district would change the result as to that office. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 344, s. 38; L.1956, c. 128, p. 535, s. 5. NJSA 19:29-9 Form and effect of judgment If the judgment be against the incumbent, and he has already received a certificate of election, the judgment shall annul it. If the judge finds that no person was duly elected, the judgment shall be that the election be set aside. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 344, s. 39. NJSA 19:29-10 Order of court putting successful party in office When either the contestant or incumbent shall be in possession of the office, by holding over or otherwise, the judge shall, if the judgment be against the party in possession of the office and in favor of his antagonist, issue an order to carry into effect his judgment, which order shall be under the seal of the court, and shall command the sheriff of the county to put the successful party into possession of the office without delay, and to deliver to him all books, papers and effects belonging to the same. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 345, s. 40. NJSA 19:29-11 Review The party against whom judgment is rendered may have it reviewed by the Appellate Division of the Superior Court on an appeal in lieu of prerogative writ. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 345, s. 41. NJSA 19:29-13 Enforcement of judgment on appeal The Appellate Division of the Superior Court in the appeal in lieu of prerogative writ shall enforce its judgment in such manner as may be appropriate and where appropriate, remove from office the party against whom judgment is rendered, if he is in possession of the office. Amended by L.1953, c. 19, p. 345, s. 43. NJSA 19:29-14 Costs; liability for The contestant and incumbent shall be liable to the officers and witnesses for the costs made by them, respectively. If the election be confirmed, or the petition dismissed, or the prosecution fail, judgment shall be rendered against the contestant for costs; and if the judgment be against the incumbent, or the election be set aside, he shall pay the costs at the discretion of the court; and in the case a contestant is successful in contesting the approval or disapproval of a proposition, the State, county or municipality, as the case may be, which caused the proposition to be submitted to the voters, shall pay the costs at the discretion of the court. After the entry of the judgment of the court the costs may be collected by attachment or otherwise. Amended by L.1956, c. 128, p. 535, s. 6. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate