Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0510.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 10, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Guidelines Released for New Jersey Cultural Trust’s FY25 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey Cultural Trust, in partnership with the New Jersey State Council on the Arts (Arts Council), has released the guidelines for its Fiscal Year 2025 grant program , Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations (IFS Arts). The IFS Arts program addresses the financial and institutional challenges that threaten nonprofit arts organizations’ stability, helping them build greater operational capacity. Past grant projects funded through this program have included establishing cash reserves and working capital funds, developing strategic plans, and upgrading technology, among many others. The program will open for applications on July 11, 2024. Applications for FY25 IFS Arts grants will be due August 15, 2024. “The arts are essential to New Jersey’s economy, identity, and overall quality of life,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way , who oversees the Cultural Trust and Arts Council in her capacity as Secretary of State. “Investments in the stability and capacity of our state’s nonprofit arts sector support the sector’s long-term vibrancy and ensure that New Jerseyans will continue to enjoy the benefits of arts and culture for years to come.” In order to apply for an IFS Arts grant, organizations must first be designated qualified by the Cultural Trust. Any arts organization whose qualification status is expired or will expire in 2024 must submit a paper qualification application by mail. Applications must be postmarked no later than June 24, 2024. The qualification application is available on the Cultural Trust’s website , along with a list of currently qualified organizations . Since 2004, the Cultural Trust has awarded nearly 200 IFS Arts grants totaling more than $4.5 million to arts organizations, supporting capacity-building projects that are often not eligible for funding from other State agencies. “The Cultural Trust’s Institutional and Financial Stabilization grants are unique,” said Isabel Kasdin, Executive Director of the New Jersey Cultural Trust . “Rather than funding a specific arts program or providing general operating support, a one-time IFS grant strengthens the underlying infrastructure of a cultural organization. That infrastructure, once established, then supports programming and operations well beyond the initial period of the grant.” IFS Arts grants are open to New Jersey-based nonprofit arts organizations that have been qualified by the Cultural Trust. No match is required. In FY25, organizations may apply for grants funds up to $40,000 for projects in the following categories: Establishing, replenishing, or growing a working capital fund/cash reserve Debt/deficit reduction Strategic planning/assessment Technology upgrade Capital equipment purchase Professional development for staff/board New staff position “The challenges and opportunities facing our state’s arts organizations are as diverse as the organizations and the communities they serve,” said Allison Tratner, Executive Director of the Arts Council . “Through the IFS Arts program, applicants can identify and make the specific investments that are most important to their success, whether that means creating a facilities plan, building a new website, creating a new staff position, or something else entirely.” The Arts Council is the Cultural Trust’s recommending agency for the FY25 grant round. As outlined in the Cultural Trust Act, the Arts Council, as the recommending agency, will accept applications and oversee the independent panel review process, then determine which applications should be recommended to receive Cultural Trust funding. These recommendations will be submitted to the Cultural Trust Board for final approval. Cultural Trust staff will host a workshop on qualification via Zoom on May 21, 2024 at 3 p.m. The workshop will provide detailed information about qualification and how to apply. Cultural Trust staff will be available to answer questions. The workshop is free, but registration is required. To register online, go to https://us06web.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZItdOivrTMiGddRa17y1Nd-mTXpCoAzCrYc . A recorded version of the workshop is also available on the Cultural Trust’s website. Further technical assistance specific to the FY25 grant opportunity and grant application will be offered in July and August 2024. Details are available in the grant guidelines. About the New Jersey Cultural Trust The New Jersey Cultural Trust, an authority in but not of the New Jersey Department of State, was created in July 2000 as a public/private partnership. Through the establishment of a permanent investment fund, the Trust helps to ensure a stable and healthy nonprofit cultural industry in New Jersey that is sustainable even in the toughest of economic times. The Trust provides grants to support capital projects, endowments, and institutional and financial stabilization of arts, history, and humanities organizations in New Jersey. Funding for grants comes from interest earned on the Cultural Trust Fund, which is a permanent investment fund. The invested principal of the Cultural Trust Fund grows through annual legislative appropriations, leveraged by private donations to the endowments of cultural nonprofits as well as by private donations directly to the fund. Each year, the State of New Jersey appropriates a dedicated portion of the revenue generated by the hotel/motel occupancy fee to the Cultural Trust Fund. To learn more, please visit the Cultural Trust’s website at nj.gov/state/culturaltrust/ . About the New Jersey State Council on the Arts The New Jersey State Council on Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State and a partner agency of the National Endowment for the Arts. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council believes the arts are central to every element we value most in a modern society, including: human understanding; cultural and civic pride; strong communities; excellent schools; lifelong learning; creative expression; and economic opportunity. To learn more about the Council, please visit artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate