Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0420.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 20, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Films With New Jersey Roots Among Nominees At Academy Awards The 93rd Academy Awards ceremony is only days away, and films with Garden State connections dominate this year’s Oscars. Four movies with New Jersey connections are nominated for best picture according to the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission: The Trial of the Chicago 7, Nomadland, Judas and the Black Messiah , and The Father . The Trial of the Chicago 7 earned five other nominations, for original screenplay (Aaron Sorkin), film editing, cinematography (Phedon Papamichael), best actor in a supporting role (Sacha Baron Cohen) and original song (Celeste Waite). This fact-based drama was shot primarily in Paterson at the former Community Baptist Church of Love, where the courtroom scenes were staged, and at a mansion in the Eastside Historic District. Additional scenes were filmed at Newark City Hall and other sites, and in Clifton, Hoboken and Montclair, and at Saint Elizabeth University in Morristown and Fairleigh Dickinson University in Madison. Nomadland , based on Jessica Bruder’s book of the same title, also received six nominations including adapted screenplay, film editing, actress in a leading role (Frances McDormand), best director (Chloe Zhao), and cinematography (Joshua James Richards). Bruder, who grew up in Montclair, lived in her van for three months, driving more than 15,000 miles and chronicling the lives of nomadic older workers on the road. Kenny and Keith Lucas were raised in Newark and Irvington, and enjoyed much success as stand-up comedians before working on Judas and the Black Messiah . The Lucas Brothers, who crafted the story that serves as the basis for the movie, are nominated for best original screenplay along with Will Berson and director Shaka King. Tom Bernard, who serves on the board of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission is co-founder of Sony Pictures Classics. His company racked up six Oscar nominations for The Father , a heartfelt drama about an elderly man stricken with dementia. “This year’s Oscar nominees reflect the depth and diversity of talent here in New Jersey,” said Steven Gorelick, Executive Director of the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission. “We congratulate all of the nominees and celebrate their well-earned success.” The 2021 Academy Awards will be televised on Sunday, April 25 on ABC. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate