Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-museum.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - NJ State Museum Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules NJ State Museum Statutes NJSA 18A:73-20 State Museum under control of New Jersey State Museum NJSA 18A:73-20.2 Findings, declarations NJSA 18A:73-20.3 New Jersey State Museum to collect Medals of Honor and related memorabilia NJSA 18A:73-20 State museum under control of New Jersey State Museum 18A:73-20. The New Jersey State Museum, including all of its collections and exhibits, shall be under the control and management of the Division of the State Museum in the Department of State, established pursuant to section 2 of P.L.2015, c.81 (C.52:16A-113). amended 1999, c.437, s.13; 2015, c.81, s.1. NJSA 18A:73-20.2 Findings, declarations The Legislature finds and declares that: a. The Medal of Honor, instituted in 1861 for the Navy and in 1862 for the Army, is awarded by the Congress to members of the United States Armed Forces for "conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life, above and beyond the call of duty, in action involving actual conflict with an opposing armed force." b. Since this great honor was established, only 3,412 such medals have been awarded to deserving members of the armed forces for extremely heroic acts which typically involve suffering severe wounds or death, making this the highest decoration given by the United States Government. c. Eight men from New Jersey received this outstanding honor for their conspicuous bravery in World War II, the Korean Conflict or the Vietnam Conflict. d. It is fitting and proper that this State honor these exemplary men and keep alive for future generations of New Jersey residents the story of their heroic bravery. L.1989, c.334, s.1. NJSA 18A:73-20.3 New Jersey State Museum to collect Medals of Honor and related memorabilia a. The New Jersey State Museum, in cooperation with the Department of Military and Veterans' Affairs, shall develop and implement a program to collect Medals of Honor and appropriate memorabilia related to the awarding of the medals from those persons, or the relatives or friends of those persons, who have been awarded the medal since its establishment and who at one time resided or continue to reside in New Jersey. b. The medals and memorabilia related to the awarding of the medals shall be collected from the owners of those materials on a voluntary basis. c. The museum is directed to record, document and preserve the collection and to make it accessible through a long-term interpretive exhibition which will include portions of the collection shown on a rotating basis. L.1989, c.334, s.2. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate