Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0217.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 17, 2022, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NEW FILM STUDIO IN KEARNY PISCATAWAY, NJ – Kearny is fast becoming a studio hub. 10 Basin Studios, the second soundstage to open at the popular Kearny Point Business Center in the past year, is now available to serve the production needs of New Jersey’s rapidly growing film and television industry. This state-of-the-art facility is associated with Eastern Effects, Inc., the highly successful grip, lighting and studio rental company located in New York City. The new facility offers 36,000 square feet of fully soundproof stage and support space, and 10,000 square feet of office and flex space. Additional features include 150 tons of soundproof HVAC and 7200 amps of dedicated electrical power (2400A 3 phase service). Ample parking is available right on the premises. “We are pleased to welcome 10 Basin Studios to New Jersey, as an important addition to our thriving film and television industry,” said Governor Phil Murphy . “The ongoing expansion of the state’s production infrastructure has been nothing short of amazing, and New Jersey continues to become a premiere destination for filmmakers. We look forward to many more studios joining the wave of film and television business flocking to New Jersey to take advantage of the many incentives available.” “We are honored to be associated with this exciting new studio project and to be part of the historic and burgeoning New Jersey film and television community,” said Scott Levy, owner of Eastern Effects, Inc . Governor Murphy and the State have stepped up at the highest level to welcome and expand the capabilities of our industry. We are thankful for their efforts to support local film & television jobs and businesses like ours. We look forward to representing their goals with high quality service and support for everyone who comes to New Jersey to shoot their next project.” Kearny Mayor Alberto G. Santos commented , “It’s very exciting news for the City of Kearny and the State of New Jersey. This latest studio opening confirms our vision for Kearny Point as a hub for film and television production. This investment will create employment opportunities and bring increased economic activity to our community.” The 2021 production year was historically successful for the state’s production industry, as revenue from filmmaking exceeded $500 million for the first time. “New Jersey instantly recovered from the worldwide production shutdown caused by the pandemic, and this year filmmaking activity is off to a booming start,” according to Steven Gorelick, Executive Director of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission . “There is a tremendous need for quality studio space in this area, and 10 Basin Studios is very well designed to meet the demand.” About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate