Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0222.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - February 22, 2022, NJSCA Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State STATE ARTS COUNCIL GRANTS NEARLY $1 MILLION TO NEW JERSEY ARTISTS & WELCOMES NEW COUNCIL MEMBER (Trenton, NJ) - The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held its first public meeting of 2022 today, where nearly $1 million was awarded to 85 New Jersey artists through the Council’s Individual Artist Fellowship program. The Fellowships are competitive awards to New Jersey artists in 12 rotating disciplines granted solely on independent peer panel assessment of work samples. The anonymous process is focused on artistic quality, and awards may be used to help artists produce new work and advance their careers. New Jersey artists applied for awards this year in the categories of digital/electronic, film/video, painting, printmaking/works on paper/book arts, and prose. This program is carried out in partnership with Mid Atlantic Arts. See the complete list of the 2022 Fellowship Award recipients . "I’m proud to work with the State Arts Council to ensure ongoing support for New Jersey artists, especially now" said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. "The State’s historic investment in the arts industry through the Council makes these meaningful – and in some cases, life-changing – awards possible. It is an honor to support and celebrate these artists, who exemplify the artistic excellence found throughout New Jersey.” Speaking on the importance of this year’s Fellowship awards, the State Arts Council’s Executive Director, Allison Tratner, said: “New Jersey’s arts industry is strong but struggling, and at the heart of it are thousands of individuals putting in the work to shape lives, families, and communities. Today’s record number of Artist Fellowships is exciting – the Council’s largest group in over 30 years – and even more significant given the challenges they face.” In addition to announcing this year's Artist Fellowships, the meeting also included the swearing-in of the newest member of the Council board, Jeremy Grunin . "We are thrilled to welcome Jeremy to the State Arts Council," said Council Chair Elizabeth Mattson. "His expertise and dedication to the arts – specifically his thoughtful and important work at The Grunin Foundation - come at a historic time for both the Council and the field, and his insight will be invaluable as we continue to adapt and grow in order to better serve the sector in more equitable and impactful ways.” “It is an honor for me to join the New Jersey State Council on the Arts,” said Jeremy Grunin. “The Grunin Foundation believes that equitable access to the arts helps to create a vibrant and thriving economic ecosystem. We know the crucial impact the arts have on individuals, from mental health outcomes and helping with social isolation, to providing creative outlets and boosting confidence. I look forward to serving on the Arts Council and working with my fellow Council members to support and facilitate the inclusion of the arts throughout all of New Jersey.” About the New Jersey State Council on the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council receives direct appropriations from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated, renewable Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee, as well as competitive grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. To learn more about the Council, please visit www.artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate