Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0125.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 25, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State ‘Maybe I Do’ Premieres in Theaters on January 27 Romantic comedy filmed entirely in New Jersey NEWARK, N.J. – An all-star cast visited Essex, Union, Hudson, and Passaic Counties for the filming of the upcoming multigenerational romantic comedy Maybe I Do. Produced by Endeavor Content, the movie follows Michelle and Allen, who have reached the point in their relationship where they are considering next steps. They decide to invite their parents to finally meet and offer their insights about why marriage works. Turns out, the parents already know one another quite well, which leads to some differing opinions about the value of matrimony. Maybe I Do is produced by Michael Jacobs, Scott Mednick, and Vincent Newman and will be released in theaters on January 27. Edison native, Michael Jacobs, wrote and directed Maybe I Do, which features a remarkable ensemble of esteemed actors including Diane Keaton, Susan Sarandon (another Edison native), Richard Gere, William H. Macy, and Emma Roberts. The movie was shot primarily in Montclair, at homes on Mountain Avenue and Edgemont Road, and at The George and MC Hotels. Other filming locations include the Cranford Theater and Craven BBQ in Cranford, Battello Restaurant in Jersey City, Crystal Plaza in Livingston, the Nutley Diner in Nutley, the Sandy Hill section of Paterson, and the Red Roof Motel in Secaucus. The film also shot exterior scenes at 17 Post House Road in Morristown, and rented the private parking lot at Wightman’s Farm in Harding for production vehicles. There will be a special screening of Maybe I Do at the Cranford Theater by invitation only. Originally named New Branford Theatre, the facility has been in operation for nearly 100 years. Cranford Theatre owner Doreen Sayegh said, “We are thrilled to have Cranford Theatre featured in this blockbuster movie and look forward to seeing the various New Jersey locations on the big screen. She added, “New Jersey is the birthplace of filmmaking, and it is wonderful to see so many productions flocking back to the state as a result of the tax incentive program. It has brought significant economic benefits to our communities.” Motion picture and television production in New Jersey has been booming since the Garden State Film and Digital Media Jobs Act took effect in 2018, and businesses across the state are profiting. In 2021, production work enhanced the local economy by more than $500 million and created thousands of jobs. “We’re excited to see so many New Jersey communities and businesses featured on the big screen in Maybe I Do. This project demonstrates, yet again, that New Jersey is a great place to make movies,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate