Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2025-0113.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 13, 2025 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Announces May 2025 Nomination Cycle TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey Department of State invites all New Jerseyans to join the State in celebrating Black history. Signed into law by Governor Murphy on September 7, 2022, the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail legislation calls for the New Jersey Historical Commission to establish a Black Heritage Trail that will “highlight Black heritage sites through historical markers and a trail-like path that connects the stories of Black life and resiliency.” “My hope is that New Jerseyans from all across our great state will submit a marker nomination. Even if you are not a historian, the New Jersey Historical Commission is here to help you uplift your local history as part of our greater New Jersey story,” said Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way who oversees the New Jersey Historical Commission in her capacity as Secretary of State. In order to nominate a site for this third cycle of the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail, applicants must first submit a letter of intent (LOI) to NJBlackHeritageTrail@sos.nj.gov by March 14, 2025. This document is a preliminary one-page letter that outlines your intention to apply for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail program for the fiscal year 2025 cycle. It should contain the proposed site name, a brief description of the nomination, and the nomination's contact information (Name, organization address, email, and contact phone number). Additionally, it should include the proposed marker location address. Upon receiving an email approval from the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail team, applicants may begin working on the online application as early as March 14, 2025. The deadline for the submission of the completed nomination is May 30, 2025 at 2:00 pm. Submissions are not accepted by paper, mail, or fax and must be submitted online. Please carefully read the guidelines before starting your applications. Notification letters will be sent out in September 2025. We also invite you to reach out to the New Jersey Historical Commission staff directly if you have questions about your application: NJBlackHeritageTrail@sos.nj.gov . About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. About the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Under the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail, the New Jersey Historical Commission will work in cooperation with other state agencies, such as the Historic Preservation Office, the Division of Travel and Tourism, as well as local governments, owners or operators of Black heritage sites, and others to identify a series of sites. The bill also names the New Jersey Black Cultural and Heritage Initiative Foundation as a principal collaborator, due to its mission which includes broadening, deepening, and diversifying statewide participation in and appreciation for Black arts, history, and culture. Sites on the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail include the Charles J. Muth Museum of Hinchliffe Stadium, the New Jersey home of Negro Leagues baseball when African American baseball players were excluded from Major League teams; Camp Evans at Fort Monmouth, once known as the U.S. Army’s “Black Brain Center” for recruiting Black scientists who contributed to 20th century emerging technologies; and the Dr. James Still Historic Office and Education Center, home of the “Black Doctor of the Pines” who was born to formerly enslaved freedom seekers in Washington Township. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate