Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-elections-39.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Division of Elections, 39 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Division of Elections In January 2014, the Governor signed into law P.L. 2013, c. 259 . Pursuant to that statute the Department of State provides the following Laws and Regulations as a service to our users. The Laws and Regulations displayed here have been copied from: NJ Statutes Annotated (NJSA) NJ Administrative Code (NJAC) Executive Orders Index Please refer to the above links for the most recent updates. Page Updated Statutes 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:1-1 - 19:9-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:10-1 - 19:19-17 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:20-1 - 19:29-14 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:31-1 - 19:37-5 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:44A-1 - 19:49-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:50-1 - 19:59-16 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:60-1 - 19:63-28 02/03/23 NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles and Traffic Regulation (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40 - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40A - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/24/23 NJAC Title 15: Subchapter 10 - Elections Electronic Poll Book Rules, Special Adopted New Rules: N.J.A.C. 15:10-7 02/03/23 NJSA Title 52 - State Government, Departments and Officers (Pertaining to Elections) Last updated: 02/03/23 NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles 39:2 NJSA 39:2-3.2 Cooperation by New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission to register voters 24. a. The Secretary of State, with the assistance of the Chief Administrator of the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission, shall provide for an eligible applicant to simultaneously apply for a motor vehicle driver's license, an examination permit, a probationary driver's license, or a non-driver identification card, as applicable, and be automatically registered to vote, or have an existing voter registration updated, in a manner which satisfies both the requirements necessary to receive a license to operate a motor vehicle, pursuant to R.S.39:3-10, or an examination permit, a probationary driver's license, or a non-driver identification card, as applicable, and to register to vote, pursuant to R.S.19:4-1. The applicant shall be offered an opportunity to decline the automatic voter registration under this section. If an applicant changes the applicant's party affiliation when updating an existing voter registration under this section, the applicant shall be sent a confirmation notice by the county commissioner of registration noting that change. b. (1) Pursuant to subsection a. of this section, for every application for a motor vehicle driver's license, an examination permit, a probationary driver's license, or a non-driver identification card, and each related update, renewal, or change of address, except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection, the Chief Administrator shall ensure that the information necessary for voter registration is collected from the application and promptly transmitted electronically to the Secretary of State. The Chief Administrator shall ensure that electronic records are not transmitted to the Secretary of State for any applicant who has declined registration. The Commissioner of Registration shall register to vote or update an existing registration for any eligible applicant who has not declined voter registration. (2) Voter registration information from an application received online for the renewal of a motor vehicle driver's license or non-driver identification card shall be collected and promptly transmitted electronically to the Secretary of State upon the implementation by the Secretary of State of online voter registration. Subsection c. of this section shall be inapplicable to such applications until that time. (3) Voter registration information from an application received through the mail for the renewal of a motor vehicle driver's license or non-driver identification card shall be exempt from collection and electronic transmission to the Secretary of State until such time as the Chief Administrator determines that the prompt electronic transmission of the information is practicable. Subsection c. of this section shall be inapplicable to such applications until that time. Following the effective date of P.L.2018, c.6, the Chief Administrator shall inform the Governor and the Legislature every six months of the practicability of collecting and transmitting to the Secretary of State voter registration information from such applications. This paragraph shall not be construed to preclude the Motor Vehicle Commission from processing voter registration applications received in the manner in which such applications were processed in connection with such renewals prior to the effective date of P.L.2018, c.6. c. The Chief Administrator shall provide for the following notices to be provided with every application for a motor vehicle driver's license, an examination permit, a probationary driver's license, or a non-driver identification card and every related update, renewal, or change of address: (1) a notice that the applicant will be registered to vote, if eligible, unless the applicant specifically declines the automatic voter registration; (2) a notice of the voter eligibility requirements under R.S.19:4-1 and the penalties for false registration and illegal voting under Title 19 of the Revised Statutes, which notice shall contain an affirmation that the applicant meets each such requirement and shall require the signature of the applicant, under penalty of law; and (3) a notice that an applicant who is a victim of domestic violence or stalking may decline the automatic voter registration and register to vote without disclosing the applicant's street address pursuant to section 1 of P.L.1994, c.148 (C.19:31-3.2). d. For each applicant already registered to vote, any change of address notification submitted to the Chief Administrator for the purpose of maintaining current information on an applicant shall be promptly reported to the Secretary of State. A change of address notification received by the Chief Administrator in paper format shall be reported to the Secretary of State no later than the 10th day following its receipt by the Chief Administrator. The Commissioner of Registration shall use the change of address notification to update an existing voter registration unless the applicant declines the automatic voter registration pursuant to this section and indicates that the change of address is not for voter registration purposes. A change of address notification submitted to the commission, which is used for voter registration purposes, shall be subject to the provisions of section 1 of P.L.1994, c.148 (C.19:31-3.2) if the person submitting the change of address notification previously registered to vote in accordance with that section. e. If a person who is not entitled to vote becomes registered to vote pursuant to this section, that person's registration shall be presumed to have been effected with official authorization, and the person shall not be deemed to have committed a crime under R.S.19:34-1. This subsection shall not apply to a person who knowingly and willfully makes a false statement to effectuate voter registration. f. The Secretary of State, with the assistance of the Chief Administrator, shall take appropriate measures to educate the public about voter registration under this section. For the purposes of this section, "eligible applicant" means a person submitting to the commission an application for a motor vehicle driver's license, an examination permit, a probationary driver's license, or a non-driver identification card who meets all requirements for eligibility to vote under R.S.19:4-1. L.1994, c.182, s.24; amended 2018, c.6, s.3; 2022, c.70, s.6. NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles 39:3 NJSA 39:3-10m Applicants for license, other documents; voter registration. 23. Notwithstanding any law, rule or regulation to the contrary, each applicant, who meets all requirements for eligibility to vote, for a State motor vehicle driver's license, an examination permit, a probationary driver's license, or a non-driver identification card application, including any application for a renewal or update thereof, except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection b. of section 24 of P.L.1994, c.182 (C.39:2-3.2), submitted to an agent of the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission shall be offered an opportunity to decline the automatic voter registration pursuant to section 24 of P.L.1994, c.182 (C.39:2-3.2). L.1994, c.182, s.23; amended 2018, c.6, s.2. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate