Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/sos-vote-for-valor.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Vote for Valor Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State, Jersey Civic Engage New Jersey Vote for Valor The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Vote for Valor Over the years, I’ve had the opportunity to meet veterans and service members of all backgrounds. I am always in awe of their service. I understand the sacrifice of their husbands, wives, partners, and families when they spend so much time away from home. I—like millions of others who live under our flag—am forever indebted to our service members’ fearlessness and profound sense of duty. They have risen to our aid when our nation has come under attack. They run toward gunfire, not away from it. They serve because it is an honor. Our service members know all too well that the freedom we enjoy is secured on the backs of generations willing to fight for it. One of the most critical ways of safeguarding our values and most sacred freedoms is through the ballot box. That’s why I have launched ‘Vote for Valor’ to celebrate the folks who have served our country with distinction. This way, all New Jerseyans can acknowledge our debt of gratitude to the patriots whose efforts have allowed our Republic to flourish. Through the form below, please submit information relating to the veteran or active duty service member you would like to ‘dedicate’ your vote to. My office will then be in touch with you to help you pay tribute. Please feel free to share your stories and photos on Twitter and Facebook with the hashtag #VoteforValorNJ Voter's Information Voter's Name * Voter's Mailing Address: * Address Address line two City Select Your State New Jersey Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Dist. of Col. Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming American Samoa Fed. States Micronesia Guam Marshall Islands North Mariana Is. Puerto Rico Virgin Islands State Zip Code Voter's Email Address: * Confirm Voter's Email Address: * Veteran/Service Member Information Name of Veteran/Service Member * Rank Branch of Service * Length of Service Home town Provide Veteran/Service Member's Email Address (If you would like them to receive notification of your voting in their honor) Dedication Permission to Post I grant permission to the Secretary of State and her staff to post this dedication on the Secretary of State's website and/or other social media outlets. Permission to Contact Voter I grant permission to the Secretary of State and her staff to contact me in the future regarding my dedication. Jersey Civic Engage Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate