Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2018-1024.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 24, 2018 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey Cultural Trust Awards $311,795 in Financial Stabilization Grants to Arts Organizations TRENTON, N.J. - The New Jersey Cultural Trust held its Annual Meeting today at Howell Living History Farm in Lambertville, NJ. In its fifteenth annual round of grants, the Trust awarded $311,795 for ten capital projects located throughout the State. Jill Morton, chair of the Cultural Trust remarked, “With today’s grant awards, the Trust has distributed over $7.5 million in fifteen rounds of grants to 338 qualified organizations reaching every New Jersey county. We are delighted that this round of awards goes to projects that will enable New Jersey arts organizations to become more accessible to visitors with disabilities.” Cultural Trust grants are intended to enable qualified organizations to increase their financial stability and expand capacity. In this grant cycle, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts received 28 applications requesting more than $853,000, of which ten were recommended to the Cultural Trust for support. The current grant round for the first time provides funds for qualified arts organizations to undertake projects that address unfulfilled goals in their approved ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act) plans. To assess the applications, the Council published guidelines and evaluation criteria and engaged qualified panelists to review the proposals. The panel results were reviewed by committee and ultimately recommended for support by the board of the Council on the Arts and forwarded to the Cultural Trust for consideration. The Trust approved grants that cover a range of proposals from plans to looping equipment to assist individuals with hearing loss. In other business at today’s meeting, the Board designated one organization as “qualified” and renewed qualification for fifty two organizations bringing the total number of qualified organizations to over 275. The Board also approved its slate of officers for the year. Bette Daniele was elected as chair, Deborah Bozarth as vice chair, and Carol Cronheim as secretary. The New Jersey Cultural Trust is a division of the Department of State. The mission of the Trust is to ensure a stable and healthy cultural industry in New Jersey that is sustainable under fluctuating economic conditions. The Trust Fund is a permanent, interest-generating fund that serves as an additional source of revenue to nonprofit arts, history, and humanities organizations for specific purposes that are crucial to ensuring fiscal and operational health, stability, and durability. The New Jersey Cultural Trust was established by P.L. 2000, c: 76 which is now N.J.S.A. 52:16A-72 et seq. and was signed into law on July 25, 2000. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate