Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2018-0514.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 14, 2018 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Arts Organizations Awarded Over $1.3 Million From The National Endowment for the Arts TRENTON, N.J. – Fifteen arts-related organizations were awarded grants totaling over $1.3 million to expand arts and cultural programs and opportunities in New Jersey. “New Jersey’s stellar arts organizations are central to every element we value most in a modern society. They are committed in their efforts to increase visitation and generate visitor revenues throughout the Garden State and deserve to be recognized,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “We are extremely grateful for the National Endowment for the Art’s continued support and celebration of these exceptional organizations.” National Endowment for the Arts Grants were awarded to the following organizations: Auricle Communications (Free Music Archive) - $20,000 coLAB Arts, Inc. - $50,000 Institute of Music for Children, Inc. - $20,000 McCarter Theater Company - $30,000 Music For All Seasons, Inc. - $20,000 New Jersey Arts Education Partnership - $100,000 New Jersey State Council on the Arts - $892,500 Newark Arts Council (aka Newark Arts) - $84,000 Paper Mill Playhouse - $40,000 People and Stories Gente y Cuentos Inc. - $20,000 Perkins Center for the Arts - $15,000 Sharron’s Miller’s Academy for the Performing Arts, Inc. (aka SMAPA) - $20,000 Two River Theater Company - $15,000 Visual Arts Center of New Jersey - $20,000 William Paterson College of New Jersey - $10,000 “The Council is extremely grateful for the continued support of the National Endowment for the Arts. This funding helps ensure that we are able to support artists, organizations, and communities throughout New Jersey,” said New Jersey State Council Chair Elizabeth Mattson. “The impact of this investment cannot be understated. The arts are connecting communities in invaluable ways, and the NEA is a crucial partner in this work.” Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate