Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/culturaltrust/ct-grant-opportunities.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - NJ Cultural Trust Current and Recent Grant Opportunities Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Cultural Trust The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Current and Recent Grant Opportunities FY 2026 Institutional/Financial Stabilization Grants for History & Humanities Organizations Alternating with the NJ Historic Trust and the NJ State Council on the Arts, the New Jersey Historical Commission accepts applications and recommends grants to the Cultural Trust for funding. For FY 2026, the New Jersey Cultural Trust Board has authorized the NJ Historical Commission to accept applications from history and humanities organizations for institutional and financial stabilization projects to recommend to the Cultural Trust for funding. Grant guidelines for this program will be available in Spring 2025. For more information, please contact New Jersey Cultural Trust staff. FY 2025 Institutional/Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations Alternating every other year with the NJ Historic Trust and the NJ Historical Commission, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts accepts applications and recommends grants to the Cultural Trust for funding. For FY 2025, the Arts Council accepted applications from arts organizations for institutional and financial stabilization projects to recommend to the Cultural Trust for funding. Grant applications were due in SAGE on August 15, 2024 at 12 p.m. (noon) . Technical assistance mini-webinars: Recorded technical assistance mini-webinars are available on topics including: Organization eligibility Project eligibility Deciding what project category is right for your organization Evaluation criteria Application components Grantwriting tips Navigating SAGE View the full playlist on YouTube. Important dates: The FY25 application is now closed. The Cultural Trust expects to announce awards in January 2025. Important documents: FY 2025 New Jersey Cultural Trust Grant Guidelines — English FY 2025 New Jersey Cultural Trust Grant Guidelines — Spanish FY 2025 IFS Arts Evaluation Criteria Rubric — English FY 2025 IFS Arts Evaluation Criteria Rubric — Spanish FY2024 Capital Preservation Grant Program The New Jersey Cultural Trust Capital Historic Preservation Grants Program is collaboratively administered by the New Jersey Historic Trust for and with the New Jersey Cultural Trust. All history, arts and humanities organizations with stewardship responsibility for historic resources that are listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places, and qualified by the New Jersey Cultural Trust, are eligible to apply for 2023 (FY24) capital historic preservation funding. Priority: In 2023 (FY24), the New Jersey Historic Trust’s priority will be projects that can be completed for $100,000 or less. These projects will be carefully considered in relation to other criteria for funding. Technical Assistance: Qualification Watch a recording of the workshop about the Cultural Trust qualification process Grant Application and SAGE Watch a recording of the workshop about the FY24 grant application components and process Click here for the slide deck from the application workshop. Click here for useful links and resources to help with your application. Important Dates: The FY 2024 application is now closed. Important Documents: FY2024 New Jersey Cultural Trust Capital Preservation Grant Guidelines FY 2022 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for History and Humanities Organizations Rotating every year with the NJ Historic Trust and NJ Council on the Arts, FY 2022 is a NJ Historical Commission year for Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants. The program is designed to assist groups in addressing financial and operational challenges that threaten their stability and to help build greater operational capacity to manage and advance their work and achieve their missions. To be eligible, an organization must first be designated as "qualified" by the New Jersey Cultural Trust. Application Deadline: The FY 2022 application is now closed. Important documents: FY 2022 New Jersey Cultural Trust Grant Guidelines Submitting Your FY 2022 Cultural Trust Declaration of Intent (DOI) to Apply Submitting Your FY 2022 Cultural Trust Application Page Last Updated: 01/16/25 NJ Cultural Trust Grant Opportunities About Cultural Trust Grants Qualification Current & Recent Grant Opportunities Past Grant Awards Trust Information News and Features Resources Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate