Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0501.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 1, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way Reminding Registered Voters Of Three Ways To Vote In Upcoming June 6 Primary Election Trenton, N.J. – As County Clerks have sent mail-in ballots to New Jersey Primary Voters this week, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way and the New Jersey Division of Elections reminds eligible voters that they have three convenient ways to vote in the upcoming June 6, 2023 Primary Election, with information on each available at VOTE.NJ.GOV : At Polling Place on Election Day In-Person Early Voting Using a Mail-in BallotU “Eligible New Jersey voters should know that they have three convenient, secure ways to cast their vote in the upcoming June 6th Primary Election,” said New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “Whether they choose to vote on June 6th, during the 3 day early voting period, or using a mail-in ballot, voters can find information about how to participate in the Primary Election at vote.nj.gov. Voters can check their registration and party affiliation, find the location of their polling place, county early voting sites, and secure dropboxes, and even view their voting history.” New Jersey Primary Elections are restricted to voters affiliated with either the Democratic or Republican parties in New Jersey. Unaffiliated voters (those registered to vote but not registered with any party) who wish to participate in the Primary Election have the option of declaring a party affiliation at a county early voting site or at their polling location on Primary Election Day. Following are details on the three ways to vote in the coming Primary Election: 1. At Local Polling Place on Primary Election Day Eligible registered voters can cast their ballot in person at their polling place, from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Primary Election Day, June 6 . Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. Go to VOTE.NJ.GOV for polling places, listed on the Polling Locations page. 2. In-Person Early Voting This option enables all eligible registered voters to cast their ballot in person, using a voting machine prior to Primary Election Day . Voters can choose to vote, in person, when it is most convenient for their schedule. No matter where a voter lives in their county, they can cast their specific ballot at any of their county’s designated in-person early voting locations. County locations can be found at VOTE.NJ.GOV . In-Person early voting locations will be open from at least 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Friday, June 2 and Saturday, June 3 , and from at least 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Sunday, June 4 . No appointment is necessary. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. 3. Using A Mail-In Ballot Eligible registered voters can apply for a mail-in ballot by following the instructions found at VOTE.NJ.GOV or contacting their County Clerk. Voters will not automatically receive a mail-in ballot to participate in the June 6 Primary Election. Instructions to vote by mail include: Go to the Vote-By-Mail page on VOTE.NJ.GOV to download and print an Application for Mail-in Ballot. Then, mail or deliver the completed application to the appropriate local County Clerk. In order to be sent a ballot by mail for the June 6 Primary Election, the application must be received by May 30. Apply in person at a voter’s local County Clerk office by 3:00 p.m. on June 5 for the June 6 Primary Election. Find the contact details at VOTE.NJ.GOV . Returning a mail-in ballot is once again as easy as VOTE, SIGN, SEAL, RETURN . Return options include: Mail: It must be postmarked by 8 p.m. June 6 and received by June 12 . Secure Ballot Drop Box: Place it in one of their county’s secure ballot drop boxes in use by 8 p.m. June 6 for the Primary Election. Drop box locations can be found at VOTE.NJ.GOV . Board of Elections Office: Deliver in person to the county Board of Elections by 8 p.m. June 6. NOTE: Mail-in ballots CANNOT be returned to polling places. For full details on the June 6 Primary Election, visit VOTE.NJ.GOV , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate Back to top