Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njsca/dos_njsca_grants-organizations.html

New Jersey State Council on the Arts Governor Phil Murphy and Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Military Task Force Report Grant Information Employment Opportunities Flag Status Pay-to-Play Ordinances Commemorative Dates Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Public Notices Proposed Rules Press Releases Reports e-Notification Lists In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Business/Economic Dev Business Action Center Business Advocates Small Business Advocates Export Assistance Planning Advocates Travel & Tourism Motion Picture and Television Commission Non-Profit Portal Arts/History/Cultural Programs Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism Commission on National & Community Service Cultural Trust Historical Commission Office of Faith Based Initiatives State Archives Council on the Arts State Museum War Memorial - Patriots Theater Cultural Heritage Commissions Commission on American Indian Affairs Israel Commission Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional Cultural Heritage Commissions Division of Elections New Jersey State Council on the Arts About the Arts Council Grant Opportunities For Organizations For Artists For Arts Education For Community Arts Programs Manage Your Award Programs & Initiatives Meetings & Events Benefits of the Arts Resources Publications Contact The NJ State Council on the Arts Mailing Address: NJ State Council on the Arts P.O. Box 306 Trenton, NJ 08625-0306 Office Address: 225 West State Street, 4th Floor Trenton, NJ 08608 Tel: (609) 292-6130 NJ Relay: 711 Email: Feedback@sos.nj.gov Arts Council Home > Grant Opportunities > Grant Opportunities for Organizations Grant Opportunities for Organizations Chief among the many programs and services of the Council is its Organizational Grant Program. Through this multifaceted package of matching grants informed by the needs of the field, the Council assists eligible organizations in fulfilling our intersecting missions of service to the people of New Jersey through the arts. Current Grant Opportunities There are no current grant opportunities. To stay informed about future grant opportunities, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . Important Resources for Organizations and Individuals Interested in Pursuing a Grant Opportunity with the State Arts Council: Glossary Frequently Asked Questions SAGE Instructions - Accessing SAGE and Logging In SAGE Instructions - Creating Your Application and Tips NJSTART Quick Reference Guide NJ Division of Revenue NJ Division of Consumer Affairs (Charities Registration) Creative Aging Initiative Grant The Creative Aging Initiative Grant (CAI) provides $10,000 to eligible arts organizations, libraries, veterans homes, senior and community centers, colleges/universities, and units of government to cover costs for arts learning experiences with New Jersey older adults aged 55 and over. Successful applicants will receive $10,000 of funding for each year of the two-year grant cycle, pending available resources. A CAI project is defined as an arts-based learning experience that directly engages older adults for multiple sessions. Projects may be sequential and build to a project culmination (residencies) or include a series of individual workshops that focus on skill-building and development in the performing, visual, media, or literary arts. Application Deadline : February 27,2025 | 12:00 PM ET Creative Aging Initiative FY26 Grant Guidelines – English Creative Aging Initiative FY26 Grant Guidelines – Spanish Creative Aging Initiative FY26 Grant Rubric – English Creative Aging Initiative FY26 Grant Rubric – Spanish Creative Aging Initiative FY26 Technical Assistance Schedule Looking for some help getting started? Check out these three videos: Creative Aging Initiative: Introduction Creative Aging Initiative: SAGE Overview Creative Aging Initiative: Application Support Future Grant Opportunities Please note: all guidelines and supporting documents are subject to change. If you have questions about these programs, please contact Council staff . Arts Education Special Initiative Grants (AESI) New Jersey arts organizations and units of government, colleges, or universities with an arts education-based mission are invited to apply for this grant program to support new or expanded programs that make substantial contributions to quality arts education in schools and youth agencies. This grant category intends to aid arts organizations in developing their full potential as community resources to educational systems throughout New Jersey and create a stronger infrastructure for arts education statewide. Application Deadline: Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . AESI Grant Guidelines – English AESI Grant Guidelines – Spanish AESI Grant Application Technical Assistance Arts Project Support (APS) Arts Project Support (APS) provides support for a project that meets the Council’s eligibility requirements. A project is defined as a public activity or event that occurs once during the year either as a single day or weekend presentation, or a series of the same presentation occurring within a very limited and specific timeframe (12-weeks or less). Priority will be given to projects that provide opportunities to engage new voices, reach new communities, or encourage innovation in the field. This category does not support on-going or multiple programs or the general operations of an organization. GOS and GPS grantees are not eligible to apply for APS grants except in Folk Arts. Application Deadline: Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . Arts Project Support FY20 Grant Guidelines FY20 Grant Application Webinar Capital Arts The Capital Arts grant program is designed to help New Jersey’s nonprofit arts organizations build operational stability and capacity through one of the three eligible project categories: construction; repair or expansion of existing facilities; and acquisition/installation of building service equipment (plumbing, mechanical, and/or electrical equipment, et.al.). For the purposes of this grant program, an arts organization is defined as an organization whose primary purpose (mission) is to create, perform, present or otherwise promote the visual, performing, or literary arts and who presents that work year-round. Application Deadline: Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . Capital Arts Grant Guidelines – English Capital Arts Grant Guidelines – Spanish Capital Arts Grant Frequently Asked Questions Capital Arts Grant Application Technical Assistance Watch our technical assistance webinar here – Recorded December 3, 2021 Capital Arts Grants for Historic Locations The Capital Arts - Historic Locations Grant Program supports capital projects for nonprofit arts organizations located in New Jersey. In FY23, the program will be presented in partnership with the New Jersey Historic Trust and will include the distribution of approximately $2.7 million in State Arts Council grant funds. The grant program is designed to help New Jersey’s nonprofit arts organizations operating locations with historic designation(s) or certified eligible for historic designation, build operational stability and capacity and improve or enhance a historic facility through: construction repair or expansion of existing facilities acquisition/installation of building service equipment A request to fund a bundle of unrelated components will be considered, but may not be fully funded. For this grant opportunity, priority will be given to projects directly addressing/stopping the deterioration of a historic location. Please contact Diane Felcyn ( diane.felcyn@sos.nj.gov or 609-633-1244) with questions about arts-related eligibility, or the New Jersey Historic Trust (609-984-0473) for historic and project based questions. Capital Arts Grants - Historic Locations FY23 Guidelines - English Capital Arts Grants - Historic Locations FY23 Guidelines - Spanish Capital Arts Grants - Historic Locations FY23 Technical Assistance Schedule Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter. Cultural Trust Grants to Arts Organizations The New Jersey Cultural Trust provides grants to support capital projects, and institutional and financial stabilization of arts, history, and humanities organizations in New Jersey. Funding for grants comes from interest earned on the Cultural Trust Fund, which is a permanent investment fund. For FY25, the Cultural Trust will provide Institutional/Financial Stabilization Grants to qualified arts organizations. Institutional/Financial Stabilization project proposals must address the financial, operational and/or capacity challenges that have significant impact on the organization’s ability to serve its community. Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the NJ Cultural Trust's newsletter . FY25 Grant Guidelines - English FY25 Grant Guidelines - Spanish Watch the NJ Cultural Trust's Qualification Workshop To learn more about the Cultural Trust grant opportunity, visit the Cultural Trust website . General Operating Support (GOS) General Operating Support (GOS) grants provide annual support for the overall operations of organizations with missions exclusively devoted to the arts and which meet the Council’s eligibility criteria. GOS grants are typically awarded with a three-year commitment, subject to contract stipulations, and available funds which are contingent upon, in part, the passage of the state budget for the grant cycle. Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . General Operating Support FY25 Grant Guidelines – English General Operating Support FY25 Grant Guidelines – Spanish General Operating Support FY25 Rubric – English General Operating Support FY25 Rubric – Spanish Long-Term Residency Supplement FY25 Guidelines General Program Support (GPS) General Program Support (GPS) grants provide support for the arts-related costs of full-time, ongoing, public arts programs that meet the Arts Council’s eligibility criteria. GPS grants are typically awarded with a three-year commitment, subject to contract stipulations and available funds. This grant is to be matched 3:1 ($3 earned or raised and spent per $1 received from the Arts Council). Funding is contingent upon availability of funds and passage of the state budget for the grant cycle. Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . General Program Support FY25 Grant Guidelines – English General Program Support FY25 Grant Guidelines – Spanish General Program Support FY25 Rubric – English General Program Support FY25 Rubric – Spanish Projects Serving Artists (PSA) The Projects Serving Artists (PSA) grant program provides support to help eligible organizations cover costs for technical support or services to artists who reside in New Jersey or whose work benefits New Jersey residents. The project must demonstrate direct benefit to New Jersey artists. Applicants may request up to $25,000 in support of the project’s direct expenses. Grant funds must be matched 1:1 ($1 earned or raised and spent per $1 received from the Arts Council). The match cannot be fulfilled, in any part, through New Jersey Department of State grant awards. Applicants may propose a new or significantly renewed project. Examples of eligible projects include, but are not limited to: specialized space for creating, practicing, or producing work; assistance or training in areas of marketing, legal issues, accounting, insurance, and technology; and/or artist career development skills. Examples of eligible renewed projects are those that have evidence of success in serving the artist community and are being re-envisioned in a significant way. This grant program does not support the replacement of funds for an existing project, nor does it support the commissioning of new work, networking opportunities, or projects that support, engage, or further compensate the artistic leadership of an organization. Applicants unclear about the eligibility of a project should contact Arts Council staff . Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . Projects Serving Artists FY25 Grant Guidelines – English Projects Serving Artists FY25 Grant Guidelines – Spanish Projects Serving Artists FY25 Rubric – English Projects Serving Artists FY25 Rubric – Spanish Special Initiative Grant Special Initiative Grants are intended to support new projects or unanticipated needs for current Council grantees that are not part of the organization’s regular, planned, or ongoing work. Applications are now closed. For more information, be sure to sign up for the Council’s newsletter . Special Initiative Grants FY23 Guidelines - English FY23 Lifelong Learning Internship Narrative Questions FY23 Lifelong Learning Budget Form FY23 Grant Rubric: Lifelong Learning Project FY23 New Project Narrative Questions FY23 New Project Budget Form FY23 Grant Rubric: New Project Grant Application Process For Organizations The grant cycle for most Council grants for organizations begins with the distribution of Guidelines, followed by Technical Assistance Webinars and Workshops. Specific dates vary year-to-year. Grant applications are read, discussed, and evaluated by peer review panels made up of independent experts in each of the different categories and disciplines of the applicant pool. The panels evaluate the applications in strict accordance to the criteria as published in the Guidelines. Once all applications are evaluated by all panels, the consensus comments and rankings are forwarded to the Council's Grants Committee for deliberation in forming recommendations to the full Council. The Committee bases its work on funding principles it adopts respective of how best to invest public dollars in organizations and projects that provide high quality programs and great public benefit. The Council holds its Annual Meeting (generally the last Tuesday in July) to vote on and award grants. Following the Annual Meeting, all applicants will receive a decision letter that includes the grant amount, if awarded, and consensus comments. Other Council Funding Programs Cosponsored Projects One vitally important way that the Council achieves its goals of service to the needs of the entire state is through a battery of cosponsored projects in priority areas, such as arts education, services to artists, access and regional service, arts marketing and promotion and more. By partnering with other organizations that share the same goals, the Council is able to widen the resources applied to the issue and build a statewide infrastructure of support. These grant funds leverage others and make for more efficient and cost effective use of public funds. Learn More on Cosponsored Projects Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | Accessibility Statement Department: Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2001- 2025 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate