Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0512.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 12, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Netflix’s Army of the Dead Set to Debut in Theatres, Online Movie hits theatres May 14, Netflix May 21 NEWARK, N.J. – Atlantic City plays a starring role in Zack Snyder’s eagerly anticipated zombie thriller Army of the Dead . The movie follows a group of mercenaries who plan a heist at a Las Vegas casino during a zombie outbreak. Army of the Dead will open in select theaters nationwide on May 14th ahead of its May 21st release on Netflix. Snyder made his feature film directorial debut in 2004 with a remake of the 1978 horror film Dawn of the Dead . He is perhaps best known for a number of comic book and superhero films he produced and directed for the DC Extended Universe. He wrote and directed Army of the Dead , featuring a cast that includes Dave Bautista, Ella Purnell, Omari Hardwick, Ana de la Reguera, Theo Rossi, Matthias Schweighöfer, Nora Arnezeder, Hiroyuki Sanada, Tig Notaro, Raúl Castillo, Huma Qureshi and Garret Dillahunt. This is the first Netflix production to have a theatrical release. “Our incentive program for filmmakers continues to attract a wide variety of projects to New Jersey, including blockbuster movies such as ‘Army of the Dead,’” said Governor Phil Murphy. “The state’s film and television industry has fully weathered the challenges of the pandemic and continues its remarkable growth.” Most of the filming took place at the Showboat Hotel and the former Atlantic Club Casino Hotel in Atlantic City. The casinos, which shut down in 2014, were redesigned to double as Las Vegas gambling establishments. “This is one of many major productions filmed in New Jersey since the Garden State Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program took effect in 2018,” according to Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “In 2019 alone, film and media projects generated more than $420 million for the state’s economy and created thousands of jobs.” The Stone Quarry, producer of Army of the Dead , hired over 200 cast and crew members and spent over $25 million in the Atlantic City area for labor, goods and services. The New Jersey Film and Digital Media Tax Credit Program currently offers eligible production companies a 30-35% transferable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, plus an additional 2% diversity bonus for qualified productions. The program has brought about a dramatic increase in motion picture and television activity in the state since its inception in 2018. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate