Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0303.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - March 3, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey-Israel Commission Celebrates Black History Month with Historic “Symphony of Brotherhood” Concert Led by Grammy Winner and Commission Member Miri Ben-Ari, alongside gospel performer Derrick Starks, the concert united religious, government, and community leaders for a special night celebrating the shared fellowship of Black, Jewish, Israeli and Christian communities. TRENTON, NJ – In their first ever Black History Month event, the New Jersey-Israel Commission celebrated the friendship and shared destiny of Black, Jewish, and Christian communities with “Symphony of Brotherhood,” a musical production created by Miri Ben-Ari, a Grammy Award-winning violinist-producer and member of the Commission, in collaboration with gospel performer Derrick Starks. The event was co-sponsored by the Commission and the Church of God in Christ, with jurisdictional leadership from New Jersey and Israel. Special guests included New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, Newark Mayor Ras Baraka, and the Deputy Consul General Israel Nitzan of the Consulate General of Israel in New York, alongside Church of God in Christ leadership including Bishop of Israel Glen Plummer, New Jersey Third Jurisdiction Bishop Kevin E. Knight, Sr., Prelate of the New Jersey First Jurisdiction Bishop Martin L. Johnson, and Senior Pastor of Wells Cathedral Rev. James N. Williams. The concert introduced a musical experience that fused spiritual Gospel songs and Israeli melodies. The electrifying performance, led by Miri Ben-Ari's soulful violin and the Symphony of Brotherhood Choir, directed by Derrick Starks, had the audience on their feet many times during the event. Titled after Ben-Ari’s hit song “Symphony of Brotherhood” which features rapper Flo Rida and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s iconic speech “I Have a Dream,” the concert included special performances by Melonie Daniels and Dr. Pauline Plummer, founder of Covenant Daughters International. In addition to her role on the New Jersey-Israel Commission and her award-winning performances, Ben-Ari, also known as "The Hip Hop Violinist," is a "Goodwill Ambassador of Music" to the United Nations and a TED speaker. She is known for fusing classical, hip hop, and R&B, and has collaborated with many Grammy Award-winning artists. The event, which took place on February 26 at Newark’s Wells Cathedral, formerly a Jewish synagogue, was open to the public and brought together over 500 people by bridging gospel music with sounds of the Holy Land, local performers, and lyrics celebrating the history of African Americans. Through the music, performances, and remarks, the event demonstrated the importance of communities coming together in the moment to demonstrate unity during Black History Month and at a time of increased division around the country and the world. “I am truly proud to lead my department, as a Black woman in the Murphy Administration, which includes the portfolio of the New Jersey-Israel Commission and the Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission,” said New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “I am a firm believer that we are stronger together when we can walk in one another’s shoes and this event achieved that with grace, beauty and a spirit of unity.” "I want to thank the New Jersey-Israel Commission for their commitment to honoring our past through the celebration and the unification of our Black, Jewish, Israeli and Christian brothers and sisters as we celebrated through music and solidarity at the Symphony of Brotherhood concert in Newark at Wells Cathedral," said Newark Mayor Ras J. Baraka. “This event exemplified their commitment to our shared future which will truly be defined by how we come together and support one another during our most difficult times." “It is so special to have songs like Oh Freedom! and Eretz Zavat Chalav U’dvash in the same concert. As a member of the New Jersey Israel Commission, I am grateful for this opportunity to build bridges between our communities and keep the conversation focused on love and friendship,” said New Jersey-Israel Commission Member Miri Ben-Ari. “I look forward to future events like this and to making a continuous positive social impact.” “As antisemitism is growing at an alarming rate globally, it is vitally important that the Jewish community worldwide, and Israelis in particular, understand that the greatest majority of Black Americans stand with them – especially the Black Church, said Bishop Glenn Plummer, Bishop of Israel, Church of God in Christ. “Despite a heightened state of threat to the Jewish community, it was important for me to convene from Jerusalem, a gathering of Black church leaders in New Jersey, for what I called, A Weekend to Bless Israel, which culminated in a true Symphony of Brotherhood!” “The Symphony of Brotherhood was an amazing and historic event celebrating Black History. Miri Ben-Ari, Derrick Starks, and the Symphony of Brotherhood Choir and dancers drove home the focus of the evening: unity in the communities,” said Bishop Kevin E. Knight, Sr., Prelate of the New Jersey Third Jurisdiction, Church of God in Christ. “The universal language of music is a powerful catalyst that breaks down barriers and causes oneness between all races. I pray such was the case in all who attended.” “Miri Ben-Ari’s music speaks to the very core of how music builds bridges and a spirit of connectedness at time we need it most,” said Karin Elkis and Mark S. Levenson, Co-Chairs of the New Jersey-Israel Commission. “We applaud Miri, Derrick Starks, and the entire Church of God in Christ leadership for their dedication in bringing honor to such an important and groundbreaking evening.” “Music will always remain a common denominator uniting people across this state and across the world,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission. “From the first moment of this initiative the Church of God in Christ welcomed our office with open arms and stands as a testament to the common future we must continue to build together.” About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate