Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0531a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 31, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Launches its Statewide Black Heritage Trail and Wants Your Input! The New Jersey Historical Commission Seeks Public Engagement through Community Meetings in Newark on June 3rd and Trenton on June 22nd Trenton, NJ - In an ongoing effort to incorporate public input into its most important public history initiatives, the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) will conduct community meetings on the launch of its statewide Black Heritage Trail. New Jersey residents and organizations are encouraged to attend and share their visions for the Black Heritage Trail and, in doing so, help inform future programs and events surrounding this essential initiative. “We have a responsibility to make all of our histories visible. The Black Heritage Trail will mark places of significant history and play a vital role in recognizing the contributions of African Americans in New Jersey,” noted Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “I am proud to oversee the New Jersey Historical Commission and its continued work to ensure that these Americans and their stories are included in our shared history.” The sessions will take place at the Newark Museum of Art on June 3rd at 2 p.m. and at Thomas Edison State University in Trenton on June 22nd at 5:30 p.m. A virtual meeting will also be announced in the near future. The Newark Museum of Art is a co-sponsor of the June 3rd event and has provided free admission to registrants. Registration information and location details for the meetings can be found here . “Our plan is to showcase the many contributions of Black Americans to more than 300 years of New Jersey history – a time period that spans from before the Revolutionary War,” explained Noelle Lorraine Williams, director of the Historical Commission’s African American History Program. “The struggles for equality and contributions to democracy, culture, and economics must be represented. It is critical that we include frequently underrepresented populations such as women and the LGBTQ community. Public input allows us to be as comprehensive as possible in our planning.” In September 2022, Governor Phil Murphy signed bipartisan bill A2677, sponsored by Assembly members Antwan McClellan, Verlina Reynolds-Jackson, and Shavonda Sumter, along with Senators Troy Singleton and Michael L. Testa Jr., which established a Black Heritage Trail in New Jersey. As part of the legislation, the Historical Commission will work in cooperation with other state agencies, each of which has a unique role in implementing the project. This includes the Division of Travel and Tourism, New Jersey’s leading voice for promoting the importance of tourism as essential to the state’s economy, image, and overall quality of life; the New Jersey Historic Preservation Office, which is charged with preserving, protecting, and promoting the state’s historic resources; and the New Jersey Black Cultural and Heritage Initiative, which prioritizes broadening and diversifying statewide participation in and appreciation for Black arts, history, and culture. The Historical Commission plans to highlight significant African American historical sites in New Jersey including sites connected to securing voting rights for all to the office of one of New Jersey’s earliest Black doctors. About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate