Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2012-0912.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 12, 2012 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Casting the Spotlight on the Arts, Economic Development and Jobs, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno Tours Millburn’s Paper Mill Playhouse 73-Year-Old Theater Creates Jobs And Enthusiasm to Millburn’s Downtown TRENTON, NJ – Focusing the spotlight on how the arts advance economic activity in the state, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today visited the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn. Soon to celebrate its 75th Anniversary, the Paper Mill Playhouse produces and presents high quality theater that draws thousands of visitors to Millburn each year. The visit is the second stop on the Lt. Governor's month-long ““Arts Mean Business” tour across New Jersey to heighten awareness of the role New Jersey’s cultural industry plays to bolster the economic condition of our downtowns and communities. “Rarely do you find a more perfect fit of art and commerce than the partnership between the Paper Mill Playhouse and Millburn,” said Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno. “When the Playhouse marquis is lit, the downtown comes alive with commercial activity.” Timothy Gordon, Millburn Township’s administrator agreed, “From an economic standpoint, businesses downtown do better when Paper Mill is open. I had one restaurateur tell me they do an extra $5,000 in business each week when Paper Mill is doing a show.” State funds through the New Jersey State Council on the Arts support Paper Mill’s award-winning performances, programs and services. This year the Paper Mill has again been designated a “Major Arts Institution” by the State Arts Council in recognition of their long history of artistic excellence, substantial programming, broad public benefit and superior review through the grants panel process. In 2008, Millburn purchased the land on which the Playhouse is located and then leased it back to the organization as part of a long-term financial stabilization plan for the Playhouse. “That investment was one of the best this town has made in helping to ensure a very important component of our economic health,” said Millburn Mayor Sandra Haimoff. “The Paper Mill Playhouse is a wonderful example of how the arts not only spurs economic activity and creates jobs, but also contributes to an exciting and vibrant downtown,” concluded Lt. Governor Guadagno. The economic impact of the arts - and New Jersey's cultural industry overall - extends throughout the state. The National Governors Association’s recent report, “New Engines of Growth: Five Roles for Arts, Culture and Design,” states “arts, culture, and design can assist states with economic growth because they can provide a fast-growth, dynamic industry cluster; help mature industries become more competitive; provide the critical ingredients for innovative places; catalyze community revitalization; and deliver a better-prepared workforce.” New Jersey was specifically cited in the report for workforce development, which the Paper Mill Playhouse and other arts venues help provide. Led by Lt. Governor Guadagno, the New Jersey Partnership for Action (PFA) supports the vital role business plays in advancing the state's economy and creating jobs. The PFA is a three-pronged public-private approach to economic development and the starting point for all initiatives, policies, and efforts to grow New Jersey's economy and create quality, sustainable jobs in our communities. The three elements of the PFA include the Business Action Center, reporting directly to the Lt. Governor and providing the business community with a single point of contact, applying a proactive, customer-service approach to businesses' interactions with State government; the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, serving as the state's “bank for business”; and Choose New Jersey, an independently funded and operated 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation created to encourage and nurture economic growth throughout New Jersey. Businesses considering a move or in need of assistance are encouraged to call New Jersey's Business Action Center at (866) 534-7789 or visit the State's Business Portal at www.newjerseybusiness.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate