Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0718.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 18, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Governor Murphy and Secretary Way Announce Marelyn Rivera as CHPRD Executive Director TRENTON, NJ – Governor Phil Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way today announced the hiring of Marelyn Rivera serving as Executive Director of the New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy Research and Development (CHPRD). Marelyn had previously served as Director of Communications and Outreach for the Department of Environmental Protection, and was Governor Murphy’s Aide and liaison for Latino Outreach for most of his first term. “We are pleased to welcome Ms. Rivera to the Department of State,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “For quite some time, she has been an advocate for Hispanic communities in New Jersey, and we are delighted to have her lead the Center for Hispanic Policy Research and Development.” “I feel extremely proud and honored to have been selected as the next Executive Director for the CHPRD and would like express my appreciation to Governor Murphy and Secretary Way for their decision,” said Marelyn Rivera, Executive Director of the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development . “The CHPRD plays a vital role in the Hispanic communities throughout the Garden State, and as a first-generation American, I take much pride in the work that Murphy Administration has done and will continue to do.” “Latinos account for the largest minority group in the United States and are the second-fastest growing group in the nation,” Rivera continued . “New Jersey prides in our diversity and has acknowledged the importance of our communities by deepening the work and relationships with our Latino communities. I look forward to continuing the foster relationships, expanding the awareness of the needs of our communities, and helping make New Jersey a fairer and stronger - for all Latinos.” "Service to diverse communities is a way of life for Marelyn Rivera. For more than a decade, in a variety of government and private sector roles, Marelyn has worked tirelessly to make government responsive to those it serves. She will bring a rare combination of experience and youthful energy to her new role as Executive Director of the Center. These new responsibilities will place her at the forefront of providing important social services to those in need, particularly in the Latino community, across New Jersey. Her energy, passion and thoughtfulness will take the Center in exciting new directions. I am thrilled to see her vision for the future,” said Frank Argote-Freyre, CHPRD Advisory Committee Member . The CHPRD seeks to empower and provide financial support and technical assistance to primarily Hispanic community-based organizations throughout New Jersey and also ensures the executive and legislative branches are informed of initiatives with potential impact on the Hispanic community. CHPRD seeks to aggressively promote a new model of community development that is focused on making real impacts in people’s lives while helping community-based organizations achieve greater self-sufficiency. Marelyn brings a wealth of knowledge in community affairs, government relations, and public relations. Marelyn has more than 15 years of experience in the public and private sectors, including work with local and state governments, as well as nonprofit organizations. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate