Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-hellenic-american-heritage-commission.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - New Jersey Hellenic-American Heritage Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules New Jersey Hellenic-American Heritage Commission Executive Orders Executive Order #157 Governor Chris Christie Extends the existance of New Jersey Hellenic-American Heritage Commission (“Commission”) to June 11, 2019. Executive Order #144 Governor Jon S. Corzine Orders and Directs the establishment, in the Department of State, of the New Jersey Hellenic-American Heritage Commission Executive Order #157 Governor Chris Christie Orders and Directs the establishment, in the Department of State, of the New Jersey Hellenic-American Heritage Commission WHEREAS , Executive Order No. 144 (Corzine 2009) created the New Jersey Hellenic-American Heritage Commission (“Commission”) to recognize, study, and promote Hellenic heritage, culture, and history; and WHEREAS , Americans of Hellenic ancestry contribute to the cultural, social, and economic strength of our State and our Nation; and WHEREAS , Executive Order No. 144 (Corzine 2009) expired on June 11, 2014; and WHEREAS , the dissemination of knowledge of the heritage, culture, and history of Hellenes and Americans of Hellenic ancestry continues to be important to the State of New Jersey and its citizens; and WHEREAS , in furtherance of my Administration’s commitment to promoting New Jersey’s rich and diverse cultural identity, it istherefore appropriate for the Commission to continue its work for an additional period; NOW, THEREFORE, I, CHRIS CHRISTIE , Governor of the State of New Jersey, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and by the Statutes of this State, do hereby ORDER and DIRECT: Paragraph 13 of Executive Order No. 144 (Corzine 2009) is amended to provide that the Commission shall continue in existence until June 11, 2019. This Order shall take effect immediately. GIVEN, under my hand and seal this 23rd day of June, Two Thousand and Fourteen, and of the Independence of the United States, the Two Hundred and Thirty-Eighth. /s/ Chris Christie Governor Executive Order #144 Governor Jon S. Corzine Orders and Directs the establishment, in the Department of State, of the New Jersey Hellenic-American Heritage Commission WHEREAS , New Jersey draws strength from its ethnic and cultural diversity and ranks as one of the top five states with the highest concentrations of Americans of Hellenic ancestry; and WHEREAS , Americans of Hellenic ancestry contribute to the economic, social, cultural, and civic vitality of the State and the Nation; and WHEREAS , dissemination of knowledge of the heritage, culture, and history of Hellenes and Americans of Hellenic ancestry is important to the State of New Jersey; and WHEREAS , it is necessary and proper to educate the citizens of New Jersey about the heritage, culture, and history of Hellenes and Americans of Hellenic ancestry; NOW, THEREFORE, I, JON S. CORZINE , Governor of the State of New Jersey, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and by the Statutes of this State, do hereby ORDER and DIRECT: There is hereby established, in the Department of State, the New Jersey Hellenic-American Heritage Commission (“Commission”). The Commission shall be composed of twenty-four (24) members. The following officials, or their designees, shall serve on the Commission, ex officio, and with a vote: the Secretary of State; the Commissioner of the Department of Education; the Executive Director of the Commission on Higher Education; the Director of the Division on Civil Rights; the Chair of the Governor’s Ethnic Advisory Council; the Chair of the New Jersey Human Relations Council; and the Chief Executive Officer of the New Jersey Economic Development Authority. The Commission also shall consist of one public member appointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of the President of the Senate, one public member appointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of the Speaker of the General Assembly, one public member appointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of the Senate Minority Leader, one public member appointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of the Assembly Minority Leader, and an additional thirteen (13) public members appointed by the Governor. The Governor shall appoint a chair and the members shall elect annually from among their members a vice-chair. The public members shall be residents of the State, chosen with due regard for geographic representation, educational background, knowledge, and experience related to the heritage, culture, and history of Hellenes and Americans of Hellenic ancestry. The Governor shall appoint each public member for a term of three years, except that of the public members first appointed, one-third shall be appointed to a three-year term, one-third shall be appointed to a two-year term, and one-third shall be appointed to a one-year term. Public members shall serve until their successors are appointed and qualified, and any vacancy in the membership of the committee shall be filled for the unexpired term in the manner provided for the original appointment. Public members of the Commission shall serve without compensation. The Commission shall meet as soon as practical after the chair and a majority of the members have been appointed. The presence of a majority of the authorized membership of the Commission shall constitute a quorum and shall be required for the conduct of official business. The responsibilities and duties of the Commission are as follows: to recognize, study, and share information on Hellenic heritage, culture, and history; to coordinate events observing the heritage, culture, and history of Americans of Hellenic ancestry, including an annual Hellenic Heritage Month Celebration in March; to provide expertise to and to collaborate with the Department of Education to continue to develop content and curriculum guides on the heritage, culture, and history of Americans of Hellenic ancestry in the State’s Core Curriculum Content Standards in Social Studies; to coordinate events with the Department of State observing the heritage, culture, and history of Americans of Hellenic ancestry; to assist the New Jersey Tourism Policy Council in promoting cultural exchanges between the citizens of the State of New Jersey and the nations of Greece and Cyprus; to assist the Office of International Trade in promoting economic development and international trade between the citizens of the State of New Jersey and the nations of Greece and Cyprus. The Department of Education shall assist the Commission in the dissemination to educators, administrators, and public school districts in the State educational information and other materials on Hellenic culture and the contributions of Americans of Hellenic ancestry to society. Such information and materials also shall be made available to non-public schools. The Commission may, subject to such approvals as are required by law, expend such monies as may be donated to the State for the benefit of the work of the Commission. The Commission is authorized to call on any department, office, division, or agency of State government to provide such information, resources, or other assistance deemed necessary to discharge its responsibilities under this Order. Each department, office, division, and agency of this State, to the extent not inconsistent with law, is hereby required to cooperate with the Commission and to furnish it with such information and assistance as is necessary to accomplish the purposes of this Order. The Commission may consult with experts or other knowledgeable individuals in the public or private sector on any aspect of its mission. The Commission shall establish a schedule of meetings and report periodically to the Governor on its activities and recommendations. An initial report to the Governor shall be submitted within six months from the date of the first meeting and annually thereafter. This Order shall take effect immediately and shall expire in five (5) years from the date of this order. GIVEN, under my hand and seal this 11th day of June Two Thousand and Nine, and of the Independence of the United States, the Two Hundred and Thirty-third. /s/ JON S. CORZINE Governor Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate