Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/historical/his-about.shtml

NJ Department of State - Historical Commission - About The Historical Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey Historical Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State About The Historical Commission New Jersey’s people and varied resources have helped shape the mid-Atlantic region, the Nation, and the world for more than 350 years. Its notable diversity of inhabitants was evident from its beginning in 1664. Due in no small part to its location, it has seen all the great themes of the Nation’s history play out within its borders. Its pivotal role during the American Revolution and early industrialization, and continuing legacy of technological innovation, distinguish it in the historical record. For these and many other reasons, the study of New Jersey history is both engaging and relevant to the state’s residents and visitors Mission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. The NJHC receives its funding primarily by legislative appropriation. It fulfills its mission through various initiatives, as well as an active grant program. The goal of the grant program is to engage diverse audiences and practitioners in the active exploration, enjoyment, interpretation, understanding, and preservation of New Jersey history. In addition to other awards and prizes, the NJHC offers a free archival evaluation service called Caucus Archival Projects Evaluation Service (CAPES). Commission Members Maxine Lurie, Ph.D. , Chair Margaret Westfield, R.A. , Vice-Chair Senator Anthony M. Bucco Catherine Cassidy Susan P. Coen Assemblyman Craig Coughlin Joseph Fagan Senator Gordon M. Johnson Assemblyman Paul Kanitra T.C. McCourt Jonathan Mercantini, Ph.D. Richard Veit, Ph.D. B. Michael Zuckerman, Ph.D. ex-officio members Tahesha Way , Secretary of State- designee State Librarian Jennifer R. Nelson Katherine Marcopul, Ph.D. Staff Contact List Sara Cureton , Executive Director 609-943-3306 sara.cureton@sos.nj.gov Noelle Lorraine Williams , Director, African American History Program and the Black Heritage Trail noelle.williams@sos.nj.gov Shawn Crisafulli , Chief Grants Officer 609-826-3945 shawn.crisafulli@sos.nj.gov Niquole Primiani , Chief Programs Officer 609-943-3307 niquole.primiani@sos.nj.gov Marc Lorenc , Chief Public Historian 609-633-0776 marc.lorenc@sos.nj.gov Synatra Smith , Project Manager, Black Heritage Trail 609-690-8364 synatra.smith@sos.nj.gov Rachel Thimke , Programs and Outreach Manager 609-633-1273 rachel.thimke@sos.nj.gov Noel Dempsey , Administrative Coordinator 609-984-0954 noel.dempsey@sos.nj.gov Gregory Odey , Assistant Project Manager 609-943-3304 gregory.odey@sos.nj.gov Sophia Hudzik , RevolutionNJ Project Manager sophia.hudzik@sos.nj.gov Main Number: 609-292-6062 About the Commission Grant Opportunities Awards & Prizes African American History Materials for Teachers Media Projects Publications History Resources Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate