Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2023-0606.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - June 6, 2023 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Business Action Center to host State Pavilion at Fancy Food show in NYC Trenton, NJ - The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) is proud to announce its participation as a State Pavilion at the annual Summer Fancy Food Show on June 25, 26, and 27 at the Javits Center in New York City. At the event, NJBAC and its Office of Export Promotion (OEP) will share information with show attendees about export opportunities, the New Jersey State Trade Expansion Program (NJSTEP), and other business services and resources. The NJSTEP initiative is sponsored in part by the Small Business Administration (SBA). NJBAC and OEP will be hosting 12 companies in the underserved business community poised for growth via global export at the State Pavilion. The 12 underserved businesses meet the criteria set forth by the SBA’s small business communities definition, which includes socially and economically disadvantaged, owned or controlled by women, rural, and/or veterans and/or service-connected disabled veterans categories. The 12 businesses participating in the Fancy Food event are all NJSTEP clients and grant award recipients, a NJBAC requirement for participation the show. Sponsored annually by the Specialty Food Association (SFA), this show is the largest specialty food show in North America, convening over 34,000 attendees from around the world to learn more about consumable products from over 2,000 exhibitors. In its 67th year, the Fancy Food Show is an industry trade show that connects businesses with prospective export partners (buyers, brokers, and distributors) and promotes quality gourmet foods and ingredients. Each of the 12 participating NJSTEP businesses will share more about their specialty products over the three-day show. New Jersey State Pavilion participants: B'cuz Snacks LLC, Lakewood – vegan, gluten free, non-GMO kosher granola bites Djerdan Burek Corp., South Hackensack – frozen savory pies Fabalish Inc., Carlstadt – organic veggie bits and condiments Flows Tasty Treats, Newark – coconut and peanut snacks Health Enhanced Foods, Inc., Rockaway – natural flour mixes Heno Group, Hamilton – honey water Kekoa Foods, West Orange – organic food purees for children New Nissi Corp., Paterson – nut and seed crunch bars Onset Worldwide LLC, Frenchtown – flour made from watermelon seeds Perfect Line Nutrition, West Orange – peanut, navy bean, and rice health snack Pure Indian Foods Corp., Princeton Junction – ghee Route 66 International Inc., Hackensack – roasted seaweed “The Fancy Food Show is a major international event,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “The businesses showcased in our State’s pavilion represent more than a variety of consumable products; they demonstrate how NJSTEP creates opportunities for success and business expansion. These dozen businesses, coming from every corner of our state, are positioned to grow their operations through export because of their collaboration with NJBAC’s OEP and participation in the NJ State Trade Expansion Program.” “New Jersey is home to over 953,000 small businesses, so investing in helping the small business community is vital for our statewide economy” said Melanie Willoughby, Executive Director of the NJBAC. “The offerings and initiatives of our Office of Export Promotion and NJSTEP assure access to dynamic education, guidance, and resources that can position underserved businesses for success and growth. We’re proud to participate in the Fancy Food Show because we are able to bring together a diverse group of entrepreneurs and opportunities to help their businesses grow, particularly when it comes to international commerce.” The NJBAC Office of Export Promotion works with small and mid-sized companies interested in expanding sales and their customer base through export, ensuring access to the NJSTEP program for eligible businesses. NJSTEP, funded in part by the Small Business Administration (SBA), provides essential and equitable financial awards on a first come, first serve competitive basis, to eligible domestic New Jersey small businesses new to export, as well as those businesses who currently sell their goods and services to other countries. To learn more about the NJBAC Office of Export Promotion, visit NJ Department of State - NJ Business Action Center. To learn more about STEP, visit NJ Department of State - NJ Business Action Center - NJ STEP. The New Jersey Business Action Center serves as the State's liaison to the business community, offering free information, services, and resources across various areas such as business registration, financial programs, regulatory compliance, property selection, workforce training, and more. NJBAC comprises multiple offices, including Small Business, Business Advocacy, Export Promotion, State Planning, and the Motion Picture and Television Commission. Access to NJBAC services is available through NJ DOS - NJ Business Action Center or Business.NJ.gov: Your first stop for doing business in NJ or by calling 1-800-JERSEY-7. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate