Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-1210a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 10, 2021, Israel Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Israeli Minister of Agriculture Completes Successful Visit to AeroFarms in Newark with the New Jersey-Israel Commission Israel’s Minister of Agriculture Oded Forer Visited AeroFarms’ headquarters in Newark with New Jersey Secretary of Agriculture Douglas Fisher to Learn about Vertical Farming and Explore Agricultural Technology Cooperation Trenton, N.J. (December 10, 2021) – The New Jersey-Israel Commission welcomed Israeli Minister of Agriculture Oded Forer to AeroFarms with its Co-Founder and CEO, David Rosenberg, in Newark, NJ on December 2, 2021 alongside New Jersey Secretary of Agriculture Douglas Fisher as part of the Minister’s first visit to the United States since his appointment and a historic first meeting between New Jersey and Israel on agricultural cooperation. This also marked the first official visit of an Israeli Cabinet Member to New Jersey in 2021 and since the onset of the coronavirus pandemic. AeroFarms is recognized as a global leader in indoor vertical farming which builds and operates vertical farms around the world, sells branded leafy greens products, and has grown more than 550 varieties of crops using proprietary methods and data-driven technology. Israel is known as a global leader in agricultural technology and water resource management and the visit allowed for a high level discussion on ways they can partner with the State of New Jersey to advance relations in this critical area. Additionally, New Jersey is renowned for its achievements in agriculture, specifically growing over 100 varieties of fruits and vegetables as well as being a leader in the horticultural industry in the United States. Due to climate change, population growth, and other factors, including supply chain challenges exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, solving food security challenges with companies like AeroFarms will remain key for the future. The visit by Minister Forer reaffirmed the need to work together to innovate and the potential opportunities for New Jersey and Israel to build lasting and significant opportunities together. In addition to Minister Forer, Secretary Fisher, and CEO Rosenberg, the delegation was comprised of Israel Nitzan, Deputy Consul General of Israel in New York, Yakov Poleg, Senior Deputy Director General and Head of the Centre for Foreign Trade and International Cooperation, Israel Ministry of Agriculture; Anat Katz, Israel Economic Minister to North America; Mark S. Levenson, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission; and Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission. “Thanks to New Jersey Secretary of Agriculture Doug Fisher and AeroFarms CEO David Rosenberg, I was happy to learn that several collaborations with Israeli startup companies already exist in New Jersey and that there is huge potential for future cooperation between agricultural technology in both states, including with companies like AeroFarms,” said Israeli Minister of Agriculture Oded Forer . “While Israel and New Jersey have similar needs in producing healthy and quality food for the growing population we also have excellent entrepreneurs who are utilizing innovation to overcome these challenges including the threat of climate change. I conclude my visit knowing that we can innovate together to come out stronger and look forward to hosting New Jersey delegations in Israel.” “It was such an honor and pleasure to meet with Minister Forer to discuss the future of agriculture and the challenges that farmers are encountering as we forge ahead in the 21st century,” said New Jersey Secretary of Agriculture Douglas Fisher . “This official introduction and informational session opened the door even wider in fostering innovative collaborations between Israel and New Jersey.” “Since its founding, Israel has had a long history of innovation in agriculture, including in irrigation and water management. At AeroFarms, we’re proud to advance this tradition of growing more with less and helping lead the way to help address today’s climate and food security challenges,” said David Rosenberg, Co-Founder and CEO of AeroFarms . “It was an honor to host Minister Oded Forer, Deputy Consul General Nitzan, and long-time supporter New Jersey Secretary Fisher at our farm to discuss opportunities for collaboration between AeroFarms, Israel, and the State of New Jersey. Global challenges require global partnership and we’re excited to explore areas where we can work to pursue innovative solutions together.” "Israel has long been facing the kinds of environmental challenges the rest of the world is just now seeing on the horizon,” said Ambassador Asaf Zamir, Consul General of Israel in New York . “That makes connections between two states filled with cutting edge innovators like New Jersey and Israel an important necessity for future sustainability.” Driven by ground-breaking startups, some of the world’s leading agriculture research centers, and increasing investment and international business partnership Israel is a leader in agro-technology. Doing more with less has always been the motto of Israeli companies, derived of necessity,” said Anat Katz, Economic Minister to North America, Israel Economic Mission in New York . “AeroFarms is a highly innovative company, and it is no surprise that it finds common grounds for collaboration with Israeli companies. We hope to see more collaboration tackling modern farming challenges between Israeli companies, AeroFarms, and other New Jersey companies.” “Minister Forer’s visit is a sign of the continued critical relationship between New Jersey and Israel,” said Mark S Levenson, Co-Chair, New Jersey-Israel Commission . “We look forward to hosting him again and other Israeli leadership as we build key partnerships for our State.” “New Jersey and Israel have so much to offer the world as leaders when it comes to agricultural innovation,“ said Karin Elkis, Co-Chair, New Jersey-Israel Commission . “I am truly proud of this opportunity to connect these game changing ecosystems following this successful meeting.” “This visit demonstrates yet again that when the innovation powerhouses of New Jersey and Israel partner on technological challenges, the sky is the limit,” said Andrew H Gross, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “The Commission looks forward to promoting these advanced agricultural relations to help solve our global food security challenges.” About AeroFarms Since 2004, AeroFarms has been leading the way for indoor vertical farming and championing transformational innovation for agriculture. On a mission to grow the best plants possible for the betterment of humanity, AeroFarms is a Certified B Corporation with global headquarters in Newark, New Jersey. Named one of the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company two years in a row and one of TIME’s Best Inventions in Food, AeroFarms patented, award-winning indoor vertical farming technology provides the perfect conditions for healthy plants to thrive, taking agriculture to a new level of precision, food safety, and productivity while using up to 95% less water and no pesticides ever versus traditional field farming. AeroFarms enables local production to safely grow all year round, using vertical farming for elevated flavor. In addition, through its proprietary growing technology platform, AeroFarms has grown over 550 varieties and has developed multi-year strategic partnerships ranging from government to major Fortune 500 companies to help uniquely solve agriculture supply chain needs. For additional information, visit: https://aerofarms.com/ About the New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission was established in 1989 to implement the goals of the New Jersey-Israel Sister State Agreement and is under the administration of New Jersey Department of State. The Commission promotes the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourages the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and fosters a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. nj.gov/state/njic.shtml Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate