Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos_rules_press_releases.html

NJ Department of State - Press Releases Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Press Releases 2025 Press Releases 02/06/25 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey is Getting Ready for 2026 200 Organizations and 100 Communities Have Joined RevolutionNJ RevolutionNJ is helping New Jersey organizations and communities prepare for the upcoming commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the United States. 02/04/25 - NJ Division of Elections Changes in Signature Requirements for New Jersey Election Petitions Become Law The New Jersey Division of Elections advises that a change in state election law has increased the number of petition signatures required for candidates to qualify for the ballot. Governor Phil Murphy has signed A-5117/S-3994, which modifies the number of petition signatures required for candidates to be placed on primary, general, nonpartisan municipal, and school election ballots. 01/27/25 - NJ Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Approves Record $1.04 Million in FY 2025 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations Advancing its ongoing commitment to ensuring a stable and healthy cultural industry, the New Jersey Cultural Trust Board approved a total of $1,040,935 in grants to 29 nonprofit arts organizations in 14 counties during an open public meeting held virtually on January 15, 2025. 01/17/25 - NJ Israel Commission NJ Israel Commission Statement on the Latest Ceasefire Agreement in Gaza, and the Anticipated Return of Captives This week, negotiating parties representing Israel and leadership in the Gaza strip reached a tentative agreement to secure the release and remains of several people who were kidnapped into the Hamas-ruled territory on October 7, 2023. 01/16/25 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development CHPRD Now Accepting Grant Applications for Fiscal Year 2026 to Support Hispanic Community-Based Initiatives The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) is pleased to announce that it is now accepting applications for its FY2026 grant program. 01/13/25 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Announces May 2025 Nomination Cycle The New Jersey Department of State invites all New Jerseyans to join the State in celebrating Black history. 2024 Press Releases 12/02/24 - New Jersey Israel Commission NJ Israel Commission Leadership Remarks on the Abduction of Tenafly’s Edan Alexander by Terrorists in Gaza, in regards to the “Proof-of-Life” Video More than 420 days ago, Edan Alexander (now 20 years old) of Tenafly, along with more than 200 others, was kidnapped from Israel into Gaza, during a terrorist attack from the coastal Palestinian territory. 12/02/24 - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission NJ Department of State Welcomes Awilda Pomales-Diaz as the new Executive Director of the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced the newest appointment to the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, Awilda Pomales-Diaz will serve as Executive Director. 12/02/24 - New Jersey Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Celebrates Record Trust Fund Interest Income at Annual Meeting In Fiscal Year 2024, the New Jersey Cultural Trust’s permanent investment fund yielded the largest amount of annual interest income in the agency’s history, Executive Director Izzy Kasdin reported on November 18, 2024, at the Cultural Trust’s Annual Meeting at Liberty Hall Museum in Union. 11/26/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts State of the Arts Wins 35th Emmy Award For Story On Artist Layqa Nuna Yawar's Mural At Newark Liberty International Airport's New Terminal A State of the Arts, one of the longest-running arts programs in the nation, has won its 35th Emmy Award for the segment "Layqa", which follows Newark-based Indigenous Ecuadorian artist Layqa Nuna Yawar as he creates a colossal mural for Newark Liberty International Airport's newly redesigned Terminal A. 11/22/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission’s Annual Conference Examines 250 Years of New Jersey’s Democracy The New Jersey Historical Commission will explore how New Jerseyans have historically engaged in our democracy during its annual conference, Imperfectly Civil: History of Politics and Civics in New Jersey , on December 3, 2024 at the Douglass Student Center in New Brunswick, NJ. 11/04/24 - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission condemns anti-Puerto Rico remarks Today, the New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission joins Governor Phil Murphy with a unified voice to condemn and admonish the anti-Puerto Rican, anti-Latino, and bigoted statements made by Tony Hinchcliffe, on behalf of former President Donald Trump at Madison Square Garden. 11/01/24 - Division of Elections Lieutenant Governor Way Reminds Voters to Avoid Electioneering Near Polling Locations The Division of Elections distributed an electioneering poster on Saturday, October 26th to aid county election officials and poll workers. 10/30/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission RevolutionNJ Race Series Comes to Greenwich New Jersey is continuing its race to America’s 250th in 2026. 10/22/24 - Division of Elections NEW JERSEY VOTERS WITH DISABILITIES ENCOURAGED TO UTILIZE ACCESSIBLE VOTING OPTIONS New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State, is reminding New Jersey voters with disabilities that they have multiple options to cast their ballot for the 2024 General Election. 10/22/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center New Jersey Announces $400K to Support Small Business New to Exporting The New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center has announced today that it has been awarded $400,000 in federal funds for the State Trade Expansion Program (STEP) to support new-to-exporting businesses in underserved business communities. 10/16/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center NJBAC Launches the Cannabis Training Academy The NJ Department of State’s New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), with designation and support from the New Jersey Cannabis Regulatory Commission (NJ-CRC), has developed the Cannabis Training Academy (CTA). 10/15/24 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development CHPRD Seeking Biggest Class of Governor’s Hispanic Fellows for 2025 As New Jersey celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15 – October 15), the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development invites Hispanic New Jersey residents who are enrolled in college to apply for the 2025 class of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows program. 10/11/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Emmy Award-winning State of the Arts Premieres Two-part Special Focusing on New Jersey Heritage Fellows One of the most diverse states in the country, New Jersey is home to an amazing array of traditional artists, each a keeper of an age-old art form. 10/02/24 - NJ State Museum Visit the NJ State Museum in October for science celebrations and more! October is a busy month at the New Jersey State Museum! 10/01/24 - NJ State Museum Critically acclaimed but little-known artist subject of new exhibition The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present a new exhibition and accompanying publication featuring the work of an artist who spent the latter part of his life working in New Jersey. 09/23/24 - Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY REMINDS ELIGIBLE VOTERS OF THREE WAYS TO VOTE IN UPCOMING NOVEMBER 5 GENERAL ELECTION New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way is reminding eligible voters that the State is making it safe, simple, and secure to participate in the upcoming November 5 General Election. 09/19/24 - Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR WAY KICKS OFF 7TH ANNUAL NEW JERSEY BALLOT BOWL Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way joined students, faculty, and staff at William Paterson University on Tuesday September 17th to kick off the 7th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl on National Voter Registration Day. 09/19/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center NJ Business Action Center’s Office of Planning Advocacy Launches Geospatial Tool for Municipalities and Developers The Office of Planning Advocacy within the New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) at the Department of State has launched its new NJ Smart Growth Explorer data tool. Developed by the Rowan University Geospatial Research Lab, the NJ Smart Growth Explorer is a free comprehensive informational tool that provides data to municipalities and developers for development and conservation efforts. 09/12/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center New Jersey Business Action Center to Host "Resources for Growth" Event in Cumberland County The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), in partnership with the New Jersey Small Business Development Center, is pleased to announce its upcoming "Resources for Growth" networking and resource event for small businesses. 09/06/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission RevolutionNJ Race Series Comes to Princeton 5K race and one-mile family fun walk will be held at Princeton Battlefield State Park on September 8, 2024 . 09/03/24 - New Jersey Secretary of State 7TH ANNUAL NEW JERSEY BALLOT BOWL COMPETITION KICKS OFF Statewide Non-Partisan Voter Registration Competition Runs Through Election Day 08/26/24 - Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY ENCOURAGES ELIGIBLE VOTERS TO NOTE IMPORTANT DEADLINES AHEAD OF SEPT. 18 SPECIAL GENERAL ELECTION New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way and the state’s Division of Elections are encouraging eligible voters to note important dates approaching for the upcoming Sept. 18 Special General Election for the United States House of Representatives - 10th Congressional District. 08/21/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2023 Richard P. McCormick Prize The New Jersey Historical Commission, in partnership with the New Jersey Studies Academic Alliance, announces Dr. Jean Soderlund as the winner of the 2023 Richard P. McCormick Prize for her book Separate Paths: Lenapes and Colonists in West New Jersey 08/07/24 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development CHPRD Celebrates Graduates of 2024 Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD), a division within the New Jersey Department of State, celebrates the Class of 2024 as they graduate from the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program. 08/06/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $5.2 million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2025 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has announced its Fiscal Year 2025 (FY2025) grant recipients encompassing an array of programs to support historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 08/02/24 - New Jersey Israel Commission Governor Murphy, Lt. Governor Way, NJ-Israel Commission Reiterate Calls for the Immediate Unconditional Release of Tenafly’s Edan Alexander Friday, August 2nd, marks 300 days since Edan Alexander of Tenafly was kidnapped from Israel by Hamas terrorists. 07/31/24 - About RevolutionNJ New Jersey Races towards America’s 250th Hosts a series of 5K runs and family-fun walks at historic sites around the state 07/30/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $30 Million in Grants, Names New Chair Investment Strengthens Economic and Creative Vitality of Communities in Every County 07/29/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $5.2 million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2025 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has announced its Fiscal Year 2025 (FY2025) grant recipients encompassing an array of programs to support historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 07/18/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission THIRTEEN NEW JERSEY STUDENTS SELECTED AMONG FIRST-EVER ‘AMERICA’S FIELD TRIP’ AWARDEES RevolutionNJ, New Jersey’s official 250th partnership between the New Jersey Historical Commission and the nonprofit Crossroads of the American Revolution, together with America250, the nonpartisan entity charged by Congress with planning the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence, has announced that five students from New Jersey were selected as inaugural “America’s Field Trip” first-place awardees. 07/15/24 - New Jersey Secretary of State Jasaun Boone Departs as DOS Chief of Staff Corey Wolkenberg will assume the role Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Department of State Chief of Staff Jasaun “Jay” Boone’s departure. Corey Wolkenberg has been promoted and will serve as the Chief of Staff, effective Monday, July 15th. 07/15/24 - New Jersey Israel Commission South Jersey Transportation Authority (Hammonton, NJ) and Pentera Security (Petach Tikva, Israel) Receive BIRD Cyber Award to Develop and Implement an Airport Cyber Protection Solution South Jersey Transportation Authority (Hammonton, NJ) and Pentera Security (Petah Tikva, Israel) will work together to develop and implement an airport cyber protection solution across the entire attack surface, after their proposal was awarded $550k from the BIRD Foundation, a U.S.-Israel bilateral program that promotes the joint development and commercialization of innovative technologies by funding projects between U.S. and Israeli entities. 06/20/24 - New Jersey Secretary of State Jersey Civic Engage Supports 2024 Youth Voter Engagement Jersey Civic Engage, an initiative within the New Jersey Department of State focused upon growing civic engagement in communities throughout the state, is pleased to share the results of its third annual New Jersey High School Voter Registration Week. 05/31/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission HISTORY PINNED REVOLUTIONNJ’S NEW, INTERACTIVE HISTORY HERO CHALLENGE The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has selected 32 sites to receive markers for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail. 05/30/24 - NJ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Announces 2024 Scholarship Contest Winners After reviewing submissions from almost 200 New Jersey high school seniors, the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission announces the 10 winners of ‘Looking Back at Dr. King’s 1964 Nobel Peace Prize speech’ 2024 Scholarship Essay Contest 05/24/24 - New Jersey Business Action Center NEW JERSEY BUSINESS ACTION CENTER TO HOST STATE PAVILION AT THE 68TH Summer Fancy Food Show The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) is proud to announce its participation as a State Pavilion for the second year in a row at the 68th Summer Fancy Food Show in New York City, which will be held June 23-25, 2024 at the Jacob Javits Center. 05/23/24 - Division of Elections DISABLED NEW JERSEY VOTERS ENCOURAGED TO UTILIZE ACCESSIBLE VOTING OPTIONS New Jersey’s Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State, is letting disabled New Jersey voters know they have multiple options to cast their ballot for the 2024 Primary Election. 05/17/24 - NJ State Museum Science and space talks for curious minds at the New Jersey State Museum The New Jersey State Museum presents “Science Under the Stars,” a free monthly lecture series held on Saturdays in the Planetarium. 05/15/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts to Receive Nearly $1.2 Million from the National Endowment for the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts has been approved for a grant of $1,195,200 from the National Endowment for the Arts. 05/10/24 - New Jersey Cultural Trust Guidelines Released for New Jersey Cultural Trust’s FY25 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations The New Jersey Cultural Trust, in partnership with the New Jersey State Council on the Arts (Arts Council), has released the guidelines for its Fiscal Year 2025 grant program, Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants for Arts Organizations (IFS Arts). 04/26/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission First Sites Selected for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has selected 32 sites to receive markers for the New Jersey Black Heritage Trail. 04/24/24 - Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY REMINDS ELIGIBLE VOTERS OF THREE WAYS TO VOTE IN UPCOMING JUNE 4 PRIMARY ELECTION New Jersey is once again making it safe, simple, and secure for eligible voters to participate in the upcoming Primary Election on Tuesday, June 4, 2024, according to Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the New Jersey Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State. 04/18/24 - New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission to Host Health Education and Resources Event The New Jersey Puerto Rico Commission, housed within the New Jersey Department of State, is proud to announce its upcoming Health Education and Resources event on Saturday, April 20, 2024, from 9:00 am to 12:00 pm. 04/18/24 - New Jersey-India Commission Governor Murphy, Lieutenant Governor Way Announce Rajpal Bath as Inaugural Executive Director of the New Jersey-India Commission Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced Rajpal (Raj) Bath as the inaugural Executive Director of the New Jersey-India Commission. 04/17/24 - New Jersey-Israel Commission New Jersey-Israel Commission Hires Josh Berliner as Executive Director Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced the hiring of Josh Berliner to serve as Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission. 04/16/24 - NJ State Museum New Exhibition Explores Importance and Uses of Tree Bark The New Jersey State Museum presents “Bark! Indigenous Cultural Expressions,” on view May 4, 2024 through January 5, 2025 in the Museum’s Riverside Gallery on the second floor. 04/16/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission THE REVOLUTION IS GROWING! 100 ORGANIZATIONS HAVE JOINED REVOLUTIONNJ’S PROUD PARTNERS PROGRAM One hundred New Jersey businesses and organizations are officially preparing for America’s Semiquincentennial anniversary through RevolutionNJ’s Proud Partner program. 04/10/24 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Small Business Manual Now Available The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) today announced the availability of the New Jersey Small Business Manual, a publication that provides information and guidance on establishing, maintaining, and expanding a small business. 04/10/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission NJHC Webinar Shines Light on New Jersey’s Hidden Histories On Thursday, April 18th starting at 6:30pm the African American History Program at the New Jersey Historical Commission will host Justice for the Dead: Reconstructing the Hidden Histories. 03/05/24 - Division of Elections NEW JERSEY DIVISION OF ELECTIONS AND COUNTY ELECTION OFFICES SEEK POLL WORKERS FOR 2024 PRIMARY ELECTION New Jersey residents who’d like to earn extra money while serving their community can now apply to be a poll worker for the upcoming Tuesday, June 4, 2024 Primary Election and early voting period. 02/20/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL GRANTS NEARLY $2 MILLION TO NEW JERSEY ARTISTS The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held its first public meeting of 2024 today, where just over $1.7 million was awarded to 161 New Jersey artists through the Council’s Individual Artist Fellowship program. 02/16/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Unlock the Potential: Faith in Action in Sustainable Development Symposium The New Jersey Office of Faith-Based Initiatives, in collaboration with the New Jersey Redevelopment Authority and Kean University, is pleased to announce the "Unlock the Potential: Faith in Action in Sustainable Development Symposium." 02/15/24 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Artists and Community Organizations Work Together to Communicate Climate Risks in New Jersey Four New Jersey community-based organizations (CBOs) recently received funding to work with regional artists to develop community-engaged art projects that communicate climate risks to the public. 02/06/24 - Travel & Tourism New Jersey Celebrates Black History Month with Special Events, Tours and Exhibitions The New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism (NJTT) today announced a variety of special sites, tours and more taking place around the state for Black History Month, where residents and visitors can discover the invaluable contributions of African Americans to the arts. 01/30/24 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Black Heritage Trail Now Accepting Site Nominations! As the next step in its development of a state-wide Black Heritage Trail, the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is now accepting site nominations that promote awareness and appreciation of Black history, heritage, and culture in New Jersey. 01/17/24 - NJ Business Action Center NJBAC Welcomes First Group of Instructors for the Cannabis Training Academy The NJ Business Action Center (NJBAC), which operates within the Department of State, has selected its first group of Cannabis Training Academy (CTA) instructors to assist in building out New Jersey’s cannabis technical assistance program. 01/08/24 - New Jersey Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Approves over $790,000 in FY 2024 Capital Historic Preservation Grants Advancing its ongoing commitment to ensuring a stable and healthy cultural industry, the New Jersey Cultural Trust Board approved a total of $798,395 in grants supporting capital projects at 21 nonprofit cultural organizations during an open public meeting held virtually on December 15, 2023. 2023 Press Releases 12/19/23 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Creative Aging Grants, Announces Update to Longstanding Arts Education Program The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held a public meeting today, during which 30 New Jersey organizations received grants through the Council’s Creative Aging Initiative grant program. 12/18/23 - Division of Elections Division of Elections Proposes Adoption of Election Rules The Division of Elections is proposing to readopt without changes the expired rules at N.J.A.C. 15:10. These rules have and will continue to have an advantageous impact on election administration in New Jersey. 12/07/23 - Cultural Trust Commission New Jersey Cultural Trust Celebrates Historic Appropriation, Interest Income at Annual Meeting The financial outlook for the New Jersey Cultural Trust is the strongest it has been in over a decade, Board members and staff said November 15, 2023, at the Cultural Trust’s Annual Meeting in Trenton. 12/05/23 - NJ State Museum Experience New Jersey at the Turn of the 20th Century via Photographic Archive The State Museum invites you to experience New Jersey history through a recently discovered archive of photographic negatives once belonging to a prolific but long-forgotten local photographer. 11/06/23 - New Jersey Historical Commission NJHC Annual Conference Helps Prepare Public for the 250th Anniversary of the Founding of the U.S. The New Jersey Historical Commission will help scholars, public historians, educators, and members of the public prepare for the upcoming Semiquincentennial during its annual conference, Unfinished Revolution: New Perspectives on the American Revolution in New Jersey, on November 17, 2023 at the War Memorial in Trenton, New Jersey. 11/3/23 - New Jersey Secretary of State New Jersey Department of State Publishes 2023 Fiscal Year Annual Report The New Jersey Department of State (DOS) announces the release of its 2023 Fiscal Year Annual Report. 10/31/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections New Jersey Election Security Coordination Task Force Protects the 2023 General Election The New Jersey Division of Elections and the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness (NJOHSP) remind New Jersey voters that the State’s Election Security Coordination Task Force is on guard to ensure the security and integrity of the State’s elections infrastructure. 10/25/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections IN-PERSON EARLY VOTING BEGINS OCT. 28 FOR NJ GENERAL ELECTION Eligible Registered Voters Can Cast Ballots Early from Oct. 28 – Nov. 5 All eligible registered New Jersey voters can participate in the 2023 General Election using the state’s in-person early voting option from October 28 through November 5. 10/12/23 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) Announces Open Applications for the 2024 Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program The New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) is thrilled to announce the commencement of applications for the esteemed 2024 Governor's Hispanic Fellows Program. 10/05/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections DISABLED NEW JERSEY VOTERS ENCOURAGED TO UTILIZE ACCESSIBLE VOTING OPTIONS Disabled New Jersey voters have multiple options to cast their ballot for the 2023 General Election. 10/05/23 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Opens Funding Applications for Its Largest Grant Programs The New Jersey State Council on the Arts has released the guidelines for its biggest grant program, opening the application process to arts organizations across the state for the first time in five years. 10/04/23 - Cultural Trust Commission New Jersey Cultural Trust to Adopt Expired Rules as New Rules; Public Comment Period Open The public comment period is now open for the New Jersey Cultural Trust’s proposed adoption of rules. 10/03/23 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Awarded $850K in Funding to Expand Small Business Exporting The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) announced today that it was awarded $850,000 in federal funds for the New Jersey State Trade Expansion Program (NJSTEP) to support businesses in underserved communities throughout the state. 09/26/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections LA DIVISIÓN DE ELECCIONES DE NUEVA JERSEY Y LAS OFICINAS ELECTORALES DE LOS CONDADOS BUSCAN TRABAJADORES ELECTORALES PARA LAS ELECCIONES GENERALES DE 2023 Los residentes de Nueva Jersey que deseen ganar un dinero extra mientras sirven a su comunidad ya pueden solicitar ser trabajadores electorales para las próximas Elecciones Generales del 7 de noviembre de 2023 y el período de votación anticipada. 09/26/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections LT. GOVERNOR TAHESHA WAY REMINDS ELIGIBLE VOTERS OF THREE WAYS TO VOTE IN UPCOMING NOV. 7 GENERAL ELECTION New Jersey is once again making it safe, simple, and secure for eligible voters to participate in the upcoming November 7, 2023, General Election, according to Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the New Jersey Division of Elections in her capacity as Secretary of State. 09/21/23 - New Jersey Secretary of State Lt. Governor Way Kicks Off 6th Annual Ballot Bowl Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way joined students, faculty, and staff at Rutgers University-Camden to kick off the 6th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl. 09/19/23 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development Hispanic Heritage Month: Celebrating "Driving Prosperity, Power, and Progress in America" As we enter Hispanic Heritage Month, Assistant Secretary of State Dr. Lauren Zyriek Enriquez, Acting Director of the Division of Elections, stands proud to celebrate the rich contributions of the Hispanic community to our great state. 09/19/23 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development The New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD) Announces Fiscal Year 2024 Grants to Hispanic Community-Based Organizations Totaling $3 Million As we begin to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, the New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (CHPRD) is thrilled to announce the awarding of $3 million in grants as part of its ongoing commitment to fostering growth, empowerment, and advancement within the Hispanic communities in New Jersey. 09/18/23 - NJ Business Action Center Free ‘Resources for Growth’ Event to Help Small Businesses Navigate Government Services The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) will host its “Resources for Growth” information-sharing and networking event for small businesses on Wednesday, September 27, 2023 from 1:00pm to 5:00pm at Stockton University in Galloway, NJ. 09/14/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections Lt. Governor Way and the Division of Elections Provide Key Dates and Timeline for 2023 General Election Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who serves as New Jersey’s chief election official, and the New Jersey Division of Elections are reminding candidates and voters of key dates and the upcoming timeline for the November 7, 2023 General Election. 09/12/23 - NJ State Museum New Jersey Artists Series at the State Museum Returns With “Way Finding” The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present a new exhibition in the New Jersey Artists Series, “Caroline Burton: Way Finding.” The exhibition opens September 23 in the Riverside Gallery on the Museum’s second floor and will be on view through March 31, 2024. 09/06/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections NEW JERSEY DIVISION OF ELECTIONS AND COUNTY ELECTION OFFICES SEEK POLL WORKERS FOR 2023 GENERAL New Jersey residents who’d like to earn extra money while serving their community can now apply to be a poll worker for the upcoming November 7, 2023 General Election and early voting period. 08/17/23 - New Jersey State Museum New Shows Debut at State Planetarium in September The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the addition of two new shows to the Planetarium schedule: The Moon, for children through age 8, and Áróra, an award-winning film about the science and beauty of auroras for general audiences. 08/15/23 - New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission Publishes its Annual Report for 2022-2023 Detailing Significant Achievements and Future Goals The report details the Commission’s latest programs, economic growth, special partnerships, and more over the last year and sets the agenda for what comes next in New Jersey’s partnership with the State of Israel 08/07/23 - NJ Business Action Center Secretary Way Celebrates National Black Business Month August is Black Business Month, a time dedicated to celebrating and supporting Black-owned businesses and Black entrepreneurs. 08/01/23 - New Jersey Secretary of State Statement from Secretary Tahesha Way on the Passing of Lieutenant Governor Sheila Oliver I’m deeply saddened to learn about the passing of Lieutenant Governor Sheila Oliver. She was more than a trusted colleague to me. 07/26/23 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $5.2 million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2024 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Advancing the unique and diverse history within New Jersey and addressing essential institutional needs across the field, the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) has approved $5.2 million in Fiscal Year 2024 (FY 24) grant funding to nearly 100 historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 07/25/23 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $30 Million in Grants, Announces Recipients of Inaugural New Jersey Heritage Fellowships The New Jersey State Council on the Arts awarded more than $30 million in grants to support approximately 900 arts organizations, projects, and artists throughout the state. 07/14/23 - NJ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission Announces 2023 I Have A Dream grantees After review by an independent panel, the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission has announced the twenty-two recipients of the I have a Dream mini-grant from approximately 70 applicants. 06/30/23 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Business Action Center Hosts State Pavilion at Fancy Food Show, Showcases 12 Garden State Businesses The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) recently hosted the State Pavilion at the annual Summer Fancy Food Show on June 25, 26, and 27 at the Javits Center in New York City 06/20/23 - NJ Business Action Center NJBAC welcomes first Executive Director of the Cannabis Training Academy The NJ Business Action Center (NJBAC) has named Tauhid Chappell as the first Executive Director of its Cannabis Training Academy (CTA). 06/14/23 - Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission NJ Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Announces 2023 Essay Contest Winners After reviewing submissions for almost 200 New Jersey high school seniors, the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission announced the 10 winners of ‘Injustice Anywhere is a Threat to Justice Everywhere’ 2023 Scholarship Essay Contest on May 31, 2023: 06/12/23 - New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission Celebrates Israel’s 75th Anniversary in Historic State House Ceremony The event welcomed the Acting Consul General of Israel to Trenton alongside remarks by the Governor and Secretary of State 06/06/23 - New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission AMC’s ‘The Walking Dead: Dead City’ Premieres June 18 AMC’s The Walking Dead franchise has expanded its universe to New Jersey for its upcoming series, The Walking Dead: Dead City. 06/06/23 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Business Action Center to host State Pavilion at Fancy Food show in NYC The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) is proud to announce its participation as a State Pavilion at the annual Summer Fancy Food Show on June 25, 26, and 27 at the Javits Center in New York City. 06/05/23 - New Jersey State Museum Planetarium to Offer Spanish Language Shows Monthly The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the start of new Spanish-language programming in the Planetarium. 06/01/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections DISABLED NEW JERSEY VOTERS ENCOURAGED TO UTILIZE ACCESSIBLE VOTING OPTIONS Disabled New Jersey voters have multiple options to cast their ballot for the 2023 Primary Election. 05/31/23 - New Jersey Historical Commission New Jersey Launches its Statewide Black Heritage Trail and Wants Your Input! In an ongoing effort to incorporate public input into its most important public history initiatives, the New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) will conduct community meetings on the launch of its statewide Black Heritage Trail. 05/31/23 - The New Jersey State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL TO RECEIVE NEARLY $1.2 MILLION FROM THE NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS The New Jersey State Council on the Arts has been approved for a grant of $1,190,200 from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA). 05/24/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections Secretary Way and Division of Elections Recognized for Excellence in Election Administration with National Clearinghouse Award One of 24 Programs Honored by the U.S. Election Assistance Commission for Innovation, Sustainability, and Replicability 05/15/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way Releases Educational Election Video Series Video Series Helps Voters Better Understand Election Process 05/09/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections New Jersey Division of Elections And County Election Offices Seek Poll Workers For 2023 Primary Election The New Jersey Division of Elections is partnering with New Jersey counties to seek residents to serve as poll workers for the upcoming June 6, 2023 Primary Election. 05/04/23 - New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission Welcomes New Appointments by Governor Murphy 10 new Commission Members have been appointed reflecting the importance of the New Jersey-Israel relationship 05/03/23 - New Jersey State Museum New Archaeology Exhibition Highlights the Long History of New Jersey’s Capital City The New Jersey State Museum presents “History Beneath Our Feet: Archaeology of a Capital City,” a new exhibition focusing on the long history of human activity in Trenton, New Jersey as told through the lens of archaeology. The exhibition opens June 3 in the Museum’s main floor gallery and will remain on view through December 31, 2023. 05/02/23 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission Business Action Center Celebrates National Small Business Week The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC), an agency of the Department of State, joins the nation in celebrating National Small Business Week, which runs from April 30 - May 6, 2023. 05/01/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way Reminding Registered Voters Of Three Ways To Vote In Upcoming June 6 Primary Election As County Clerks have sent mail-in ballots to New Jersey Primary Voters this week, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way and the New Jersey Division of Elections reminds eligible voters that they have three convenient ways to vote in the upcoming June 6, 2023 Primary Election, with information on each available at VOTE.NJ.GOV. 04/24/23 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission Governor Murphy and the New Jersey-Israel Commission Announce another Year of Increased Economic Relations with Israel from 2021 to 2022 New Data Shows Annual New Jersey-Israel Trade Valued at $1.72 Billion with Continued Strong Growth in Job Creation and Foreign Direct Investment Ahead of Israel’s 75th Anniversary 04/17/23 - New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Launches Film Ready New Jersey On Friday, New Jersey First Lady Tammy Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way joined the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission (NJMPTVC) as it launched Film Ready New Jersey at Kean University. 04/06/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections Unaffiliated NJ Voters Must Declare Party By April 12 To Vote By Mail In June 6 Primary New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way is reminding unaffiliated voters, those who have not registered as a voter of a specific political party, that if they want to vote by mail in the upcoming June 6, 2023 Primary Election, they must declare a party affiliation by April 12, 2023. This deadline ONLY applies to those unaffiliated voters who want to vote using a mail-in ballot in the upcoming Primary Election. 04/04/23 - New Jersey Division of Elections NJ Division of Elections Provides Key Dates, Timeline For June Primary Election The New Jersey Division of Elections is reminding candidates and voters of key dates and the upcoming timeline for the June 6, 2023 Primary Election. This information can also be found by visiting Vote.NJ.Gov or calling 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). 03/30/23 - New Jersey State Museum Artworks inspired by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on display for 60th Anniversary of Letter from Birmingham Jail To commemorate the 60th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s Letter from Birmingham Jail, the New Jersey State Museum will exhibit four prints by artist Ben Shahn that reflect ideas King put forth in his letter. 03/20/23 - New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission MGM’s ‘A Good Person’ Premieres in Theaters on March 24 Drama filmed entirely in Essex, Morris, Passaic, and Union counties in 26 days 03/06/23 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission New Jersey-Israel Commission Members Donate Over Three Tons of Humanitarian Food Aid to Turkish Earthquake Victims Following the devastating earthquake in Türkiye and Syria, the New Jersey-Israel Commission applauds its members for donating emergency food relief to support Turkish victims in their time of need. 03/03/23 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission New Jersey-Israel Commission Celebrates Black History Month with Historic “Symphony of Brotherhood” Concert Led by Grammy Winner and Commission Member Miri Ben-Ari, alongside gospel performer Derrick Starks, the concert united religious, government, and community leaders for a special night celebrating the shared fellowship of Black, Jewish, Israeli and Christian communities. 02/28/23 - The New Jersey State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL GRANTS NEARLY $2 MILLION TO NEW JERSEY ARTISTS & ANNOUNCES FUNDING FOR ARTS COMPENSATION DATA SURVEY The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held its first public meeting of 2023 today, where nearly $2 million was awarded to 140 New Jersey artists through the Council’s Individual Artist Fellowship program. 02/21/23 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission Launches First-Ever State Promotional Video with EL AL Airlines The video, which highlights New Jersey-Israel relations and state tourism, is narrated by Secretary of State Tahesha Way and available on the Boeing 787 “Dreamliner” fleet of Israel’s national airline, EL AL 02/16/23 - The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development CHPRD Accepting Grant Applications for FY2024 The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) is accepting applications for its FY2024 grant program. 02/10/23 - New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission New Jersey: Certified Film Ready Somerset County towns make up the inaugural class of New Jersey’s Film Ready Communities 02/08/23 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission Israeli and Gospel Musicians to Celebrate Fellowship in Groundbreaking “Symphony of Brotherhood” In honor of Black History Month, the New Jersey-Israel Commission brings a special production by Grammy Award Winner Miri Ben-Ari in collaboration with Derrick Starks 02/07/23 - New Jersey Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Approves Over $500,000 in FY 2023 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants Funding to Strengthen Organizational Capacity of 16 Diverse Arts Organizations Statewide 01/31/23 - New Jersey State Museum New Exhibition Focuses on Non-objective Abstract Art The New Jersey State Museum presents “Beyond the Tangible,” a new exhibition of 26 non-objective abstract works by 22 artists from the Fine Art collection. The exhibition opens February 11 in the Museum’s 2nd floor gallery and features works created by American artists since the late 1930s. “Beyond the Tangible” is on view through August 27, 2023. 01/31/23 - New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission ‘Knock at the Cabin’ and ‘Daughter of the Bride’ Premiere February 3 Movies filmed in Burlington, Essex, Morris and Union counties 01/25/23 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission ‘Maybe I Do’ Premieres in Theaters on January 27 Romantic comedy filmed entirely in New Jersey 2022 Press Releases 12/22/22 - New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission ‘The Best Man: The Final Chapters’ Premiered on Peacock on December 22 Limited series filmed in New Jersey 12/22/22 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission Joins the Township of East Brunswick in Celebrating a New Sister City Agreement with Yavne, Israel During a visit to Israel, East Brunswick Mayor Brad Cohen signed a new sister city agreement with Yavne around economic development, education and cultural partnerships following ongoing engagement from the New Jersey-Israel Commission 12/20/22 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Cannabis Advocate Named as Consultant to Build No-Cost Cannabis Technical Assistance Program The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) has selected Jersey City attorney Jessica Gonzalez and her firm, Veridis Quo LLC, as its consultant to develop and launch the NJBAC Cannabis Technical Assistance Program and Training Academy. 12/19/22 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Announces Inaugural Inclusive History Grant Program Recipients Grants will fund projects exploring under-represented narratives in New Jersey history 12/13/22 - NJ State Council on the Arts State Arts Council Announces Grants To New Jersey Organizations Through New Creative Aging Grant Program And Welcomes New Council Member The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held a public meeting today, during which 22 New Jersey organizations received grants through the Council’s new Creative Aging Initiative grant program. Senior centers, libraries, and arts organizations will provide customized arts experiences for people aged 55 and older, helping to enhance overall wellness, build community, and diminish issues of isolation. 11/07/22 - NJ Division of Elections New Jersey Secretary Of State Shares Important Election 2022 Information Tomorrow, millions of New Jersey voters will participate in the 2022 General Election. 28,000 poll workers will show up for our democracy and staff approximately 3,200 polling locations across New Jersey. Polls will be open from 6 am until 8 pm. 10/31/22 - NJ Division of Elections DISABLED NEW JERSEY VOTERS ENCOURAGED TO UTILIZE ACCESSIBLE VOTING OPTIONS Disabled New Jersey voters have multiple options to cast their ballot for the 2022 General Election. 10/31/22 - NJ Division of Elections Secretary Way Warns NJ Voters About Misinformation Secretary of State Tahesha Way, New Jersey’s chief election official, is warning the public about text messages containing election misinformation being sent to some New Jersey voters. The messages, which appear to have been sent by an organization called Voting Futures, provide inaccurate voter registration information and direct the recipients to incorrect polling locations. 10/31/22 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Announces its 2022 Annual Conference: Freedom Seeker, Colonizer, and Enslaved: Immigration and Migration in New Jersey The one-day, virtual event will explore the history, cultural heritage, and contemporary issues facing immigrant communities through the lens of New Jersey studies 10/31/22 - Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development CHPRD Awards More than $ 3 Million in Grant Funding The Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD) announces that it has awarded more than $3 million in grant funding to 34 Hispanic-based community organizations. Across these organizations, 60 programs that directly impact and help communities throughout New Jersey are receiving grant awards totaling $3,175,000. 10/21/22 - New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission Phiphen Studios Launches in Englewood Cliffs Phiphen Studios, a boutique state-of-the art post-production house, is now open for business. The facility will be serving New Jersey's growing film community as studio, network, and independent productions continue flocking to the Garden State. 10/11/22 - Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program Accepting 2023 Applications As New Jersey celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15 – October 15), the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development invites Hispanic New Jersey residents who are enrolled in college to apply for the 2023 class of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows program. Applications are open through December 1, 2022. 10/07/22 - NJ Hellenic Heritage Commission, New Jersey-Israel Commission New Jersey Department of State Convenes Regional Business Forum with Key Officials from Greece, Cyprus and Israel The first in-person gathering of the New Jersey Eastern Mediterranean Forum was led by New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way and organized by the New Jersey-Israel Commission and the New Jersey Hellenic Heritage Commission 10/04/22 - NJ Division of Elections New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way Reminding Registered Voters of three Ways to Vote in the Upcoming Nov. 8 General Election New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way and the New Jersey Division of Elections are reminding voters of three convenient ways to vote in the upcoming November 8 General Election, with information on each available at VOTE.NJ.GOV 09/28/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission ‘Bros,’ ‘Greatest Beer Run Ever,’ and ‘Smile,’ Premiere September 30th Hollywood comes to North Jersey, over 1,728 workers hired 09/27/22 - New Jersey Business Action Center New Jersey Announces $500K to Expand Small Business Exporting The New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center has announced today that it has been awarded $500,000 in federal funds for the State Trade Expansion Program (STEP) to support new-to-exporting food and beverage manufacturers in underserved business communities. 09/23/22 - New Jersey Secretary of State Secretary Way Presents Youth Leadership Award New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way presented Sonia Leo with the 2022 National Association of Secretaries of State (NASS) John Lewis Youth Leadership Award. 09/21/22 - New Jersey Secretary of State Secretary Way Kicks Off 5th Annual Ballot Bowl on National Voter Registration Day Yesterday, Secretary of State Tahesha Way celebrated National Voter Registration Day at The College of New Jersey (TCNJ), where she helped students kick off the 5th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl. 09/15/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission ‘Goodnight Mommy’ Premieres September 16 The upcoming thriller Goodnight Mommy with Naomi Watts was filmed entirely at a house in Bedminster. 09/07/22 - Office of Planning Advocacy NJ State Planning Commission Adopts Warehouse Siting Guidance Developed by the Office of Planning Advocacy in the Department of State, the document is the result of several months of research, input gathering, and listening sessions conducted by the Office and the Commission to create comprehensive guidance that local governments can utilize when updating their master plans, zoning and development standards, and when reviewing development applications. 09/06/22 - NJ State Museum Lunchtime Gallery Talks to Feature New Jersey Arts Annual Artists The New Jersey State Museum will present a series of seven in-gallery talks with artists featured in the 2022 New Jersey Arts Annual: Reemergence exhibition on select Wednesdays through the run of the show. 08/18/22 - NJ State Museum Longtime State Museum Volunteer Among Honorees at Governor’s 2022 Jefferson Awards The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce that longtime volunteer Wayne Callahan was among the honorees at the 2022 Governor’s Jefferson Awards. Mr. Callahan was honored in the “Service Through STEM” category for his volunteer work with the New Jersey State Museum Natural History Bureau. 08/09/22 - NJ Division of Elections New Jersey Joins Electronic Registration Information Center Membership in ERIC will strengthen NJ voter file accuracy. 08/04/22 - NJ State Museum Council for the Humanities Grant Will Support Upcoming State Museum Project The New Jersey State Museum (NJSM) is pleased to announce that the New Jersey State Museum Foundation is the recipient of grant funding from the New Jersey Council for the Humanities (NJCH) to support the a component of the exhibition "History Beneath Your Feet: Archaeology in the Capital City,” which will explore the social, cultural and environmental evolution of Trenton through archaeological artifacts. 07/28/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission What’s Filming In New Jersey: AMC’s The Walking Dead Spin-Off Starring Lauren Cohan and Jeffrey Dean Morgan AMC’s The Walking Dead franchise expands its universe to the Meadowlands Arena and North Jersey locations for its upcoming spin-off series starring Lauren Cohan and Jeffrey Dean Morgan. 07/26/22 - NJ State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $28 Million in Grants, Announces New Grant Programs and Services Investment Supports Jobs, Arts Nonprofits, and Services in Every County 07/18/22 - New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy Research and Development Governor Murphy and Secretary Way Announce Marelyn Rivera as CHPRD Executive Director Governor Phil Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way today announced the hiring of Marelyn Rivera serving as Executive Director of the New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy Research and Development (CHPRD). 07/10/22 - New Jersey Secretary of State NASS Names New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way as President and Inducts New Executive Board The members of the National Association of Secretaries of State (NASS) have selected Tahesha Way, New Jersey’s 34th Secretary of State, as President of the associ¬ation. In NASS’s 118-year history, Way is the first African American person to hold this prestig¬ious national post 06/30/22 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission Statement on Unilever’s Decision to Allow Sales of Ben & Jerry’s Products in Israel and the West Bank The New Jersey-Israel Commission commends Unilever, with its United States headquarters in New Jersey, for reaching an agreement to allow Ben & Jerry’s products to be sold again in Israel and the West Bank. 06/20/22 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission Acting Secretary of State Way and Israeli Minister of Tourism Yoel Razvozov Held a Bilateral Meeting with the Goal of Enhancing New Jersey-Israel Travel The meeting was held during Minister Razvozov’s first official visit to the United States and paves the way for more tourism opportunities to grow the already strong New Jersey-Israel tourism market. 06/16/22 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission Israel’s Maccabi Haifa Football Club Under-19 Team Completed a Historic Visit to New Jersey Co-Hosted by the New Jersey-Israel Commission The highly celebrated Israeli soccer team played competitive games, including with Major League Soccer, in a visit co-hosted with St. Benedict’s Preparatory School to promote diversity and inclusion 06/15/22 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Commemorates Juneteenth 2022 Events throughout New Jersey Reveal Hidden Stories of Slavery in New Jersey and the North 06/14/22 - The Office of Planning Advocacy Warehouse Siting Guidance Plan Issued to Assist Municipalities The Office of Planning Advocacy in the Department of State’s Business Action Center, on behalf of the NJ State Planning Commission, has issued guidance on warehouse siting to help municipalities address increasingly high demand for warehouse space. 06/13/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission What’s Filming In New Jersey: ‘Knock at the Cabin’ M. Night Shyamalan returned to South Jersey to film his upcoming apocalyptic horror film Knock at the Cabin, which just wrapped. 06/08/22 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission Launches First Ever Business Outreach Page The new webpage and contact form will allow Israel-related businesses to better engage with New Jersey and connect our innovation ecosystems. 06/02/22 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission Cosponsors the First Ever Climate Summit Connecting Local and Israeli Leadership In Partnership with MILE Ventures, the Climate180 Turning Point Summit Brought Together Top Israeli Innovators and New Jersey Leaders to Address the Urgent Climate Crisis 05/31/22 - NJ State Museum Artists’ interpretation of “Reemergence” at this year’s New Jersey Arts Annual Exhibition The New Jersey State Museum (NJSM) is pleased to present 2022 New Jersey Arts Annual: Reemergence . New Jersey is home to a diverse and robust artistic community; the New Jersey Arts Annual exhibition highlights the work of visual artists and craftspeople from around the state. 05/25/22 - NJ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission MLK Commission Announces 2022 Essay Contest Winners After reviewing submissions for 267 New Jersey high school seniors, the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission announces the 10 winners of ‘The Fierce Urgency of Now’ 2022 Scholarship Essay Contest. 05/17/22 - NJ State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $3.6 Million in Grants for New Capital Arts Program The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held a public meeting today, where over $3.6 million was awarded to 38 organizations through the new Capital Arts grant program. 04/28/22 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission The New Jersey-Israel Commission Welcomes New Legislative Appointments by Governor Murphy The New Jersey-Israel Commission proudly welcomes the latest round of legislative appointments by Governor Murphy including five new and three reappointed Members. 04/27/22 - The New Jersey-Israel Commission Statement on Recent Incidents at Rutgers University-New Brunswick The New Jersey-Israel Commission is deeply troubled by reported incidents at Rutgers University-New Brunswick that demonstrate harassment towards Jewish students based on perceived support for Israel. 04/21/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission ‘As They Made Us’ Debuts Movie hit theatres and VOD on April 8th North Jersey locations set the scene for the just released comedy-drama As They Made Us, the story of a divorced mom trying to make peace with her dysfunctional family while getting a second chance at love. 04/14/22 - Secretary of State Secretary Way Honors NJAEO with NASS Medallion Award Acting New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, as a member of the National Association of Secretaries of State (NASS), is honoring the New Jersey Association of Election Officials (NJAEO) with a NASS Medallion Award. The award allows individual Secretaries of State to recognize outstanding service and dedication to furthering the mission of NASS within the states. 04/14/22 - New Jersey Cultural Trust Isabel (Izzy) Kasdin Appointed Executive Director of the New Jersey Cultural Trust The Board of the New Jersey Cultural Trust (NJCT), a division of the New Jersey Department of State, selected Isabel (Izzy) Kasdin as the NJCT’s next executive director at its March 7, 2022 meeting. 04/12/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission and NBC Universal Announce Production Assistant Bootcamp in West Windsor Free Diverse Production Assistant Training Program Open To New Jersey Residents The NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission invites New Jersey residents interested in pursuing a career in film and television production to apply for the upcoming Production Assistant Bootcamp scheduled for April 23 and 24. 04/04/22 - NJ Historical Commission REVOLUTION NJ INVITES NEW JERSEYANS TO SUBMIT BEST IDEAS FOR MARKING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. The 250th anniversary of the United States is just four years away, and New Jerseyans are invited to offer their ideas for how the state should commemorate it. 04/04/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission What’s Filming In New Jersey: ‘The Home’ Principal photography in Denville, Elizabeth and Nutley The shuttered Saint Francis Residential Community in Denville will have a starring role, along with Saturday Night Live’s Pete Davidson, in the Miramax horror thriller The Home, just wrapping in New Jersey. 03/18/22 - NJ State Museum Dive In and Discover the World of Sharks Sharks are one of the most feared animals throughout the world, even though the odds of ever encountering one are highly unlikely. “Jaw Dropping World of Sharks,” a new exhibition from the New Jersey State Museum, aims to dispel some of the myths and misunderstandings about sharks and their relatives. 02/22/22 - NJ State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL GRANTS NEARLY $1 MILLION TO NEW JERSEY ARTISTS & WELCOMES NEW COUNCIL MEMBER The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held its first public meeting of 2022 today, where nearly $1 million was awarded to 85 New Jersey artists through the Council’s Individual Artist Fellowship program. 02/17/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission NEW FILM STUDIO IN KEARNY Kearny is fast becoming a studio hub. 10 Basin Studios, the second soundstage to open at the popular Kearny Point Business Center in the past year, is now available to serve the production needs of New Jersey’s rapidly growing film and television industry. 01/21/22 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Announces the Production Assistant Bootcamp at Rutgers University The Free Diverse Production Assistant Training Program, Open to New Jersey Residents, is Sponsored by Sony Pictures Entertainment 01/10/22 - NJ State Museum New exhibition at NJ State Museum explores beauty, complexity of Black culture The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present “Posing Beauty in African American Culture,” a touring exhibition opening January 29, 2022. The exhibition explores the contested ways in which African and African American beauty have been represented in historical and contemporary contexts. 2021 Press Releases 12/10/21 - NJ – Israel Commission Israeli Minister of Agriculture Completes Successful Visit to AeroFarms in Newark with the New Jersey-Israel Commission Israel’s Minister of Agriculture Oded Forer Visited AeroFarms’ headquarters in Newark with New Jersey Secretary of Agriculture Douglas Fisher to Learn about Vertical Farming and Explore Agricultural Technology Cooperation 12/10/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Steven Spielberg’s West Side Story Set to Debut in Theatres December 10th Today marks the theatrical release of Steven Spielberg’s reimagining of the legendary “West Side Story,” filmed on location on the streets of Paterson and Newark. 11/23/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Bruised Debuts on Netflix Atlantic City is prominently featured in the highly-anticipated sports drama Bruised , set to air on Netflix on November 24. 11/15/21 - NJ Historical Commission NJ Women Vote Video Series Awarded an Emmy NJ Historical Commission Series on Voting History Wins in the Competitive NY Region 11/04/21 - NJ Secretary of State NEW JERSEY SECRETARY OF STATE AND DIVISION OF ELECTIONS PROVIDE IMPORTANT DATES ON ELECTION RESULTS CERTIFICATION PROCESS In an effort to ensure the public and media have a comprehensive understanding of the vote-counting and election-certification process, The New Jersey Secretary of State and the Division of Elections are providing the following information regarding the 2021 election. 10/29/21 - NJ – Israel Commission The New Jersey–Israel Commission Welcomes ARC Sheba to New Jersey at Liberty Science Center’s SciTech Scity Israel’s Largest Medical Center Announces it will Open an Innovation Facility in Jersey City Focused on the Future of Patient Care 10/26/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission and NBCUniversal Announce Production Assistant Bootcamp in Old Bridge Free Diverse Production Assistant Training Program Open To New Jersey Residents 10/05/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission USA Network’s “America’s Big Deal” to Debut at Newark Symphony Hall on Thursday, Oct. 14 NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission announces the first-of-its-kind shoppable competition series will broadcast nationwide LIVE at 9pm ET/8pm CT from Newark on USA Network 09/14/21 - NJ State Museum Exhibitions Explore Nature and its Influence, Past and Present The New Jersey State Museum is open for visitors to discover exhibitions that preserve and share stories that inspire curiosity and creativity. 09/07/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission ‘Wu-Tang’ Returns for Season 2 on Hulu Television series shot entirely in New Jersey 09/01/21 - NJ Ballot Bowl 2021 New Jersey Ballot Bowl Kicks Off With New Partnership New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way is pleased to welcome ALL IN Campus Democracy Challenge as the Department of State’s partner in the 4th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl. 08/16/21 - NJ – Israel Commission Statement Celebrating the One Year Anniversary of the Abraham Accords In recognition of the one year anniversary of the Abraham Accords, the New Jersey-Israel Commission joins all those celebrating this milestone of the agreement, initially signed by the United States, the State of Israel, and the United Arab Emirates. 08/16/21 - NJ Secretary of State Secretary Way Named President-Elect of the National Association of Secretaries of State Today, at the 2021 Summer Conference of the National Association of Secretaries of State (NASS), New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way was inducted as the organization’s President-elect. 08/12/21 - NJ State Council on the Arts NEW JERSEY TELEVISION PROGRAM, STATE OF THE ARTS, RECEIVES TWO 2021 MID-ATLANTIC EMMY NOMINATIONS The New Jersey State Council on the Arts is pleased to announce that long-running television program State of the Arts has been nominated for two 2021 Mid-Atlantic Emmy Awards. 08/06/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Governor Murphy Cuts the Ribbon on the Largest Film Studio in New Jersey Cinelease Studios, Caven Point is the First Purpose-Built Studio in the State 08/04/21 - NJ – Israel Commission The New Jersey–Israel Commission Congratulates Trialjectory for Winning Competitive BIRD Foundation Grant Closter, N.J. Based Company will Partner with YonaLink in Jerusalem to Develop a New System for Clinical Trials 07/30/21 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves Nearly $4.9 Million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2022 General Operating Support, Project, Co-Sponsored Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Funding to Support History Organizations, Projects, and Programs across all 21 Counties 07/27/21 - NJ State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $35.6 Million in Grants, Establishes Capital Arts Program Investment Supports Jobs, Arts Nonprofits, and Services in Every County 07/15/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission What’s Filming In New Jersey: ‘As Sick As They Made Us’ Principal photography in Bergen, Essex and Passaic Counties 06/30/21 - NJ State Museum New Jersey State Museum Set to Reopen Mid-July The New Jersey State Museum is excited to announce that it will reopen for public visitation in mid-July. 06/30/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission ‘Wu-Tang’ Wraps Season 2 Principal photography in Passaic, Essex and Hudson counties 06/30/21 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Approves $230,000 in Supplemental COVID-19 Grant Assistance to the State’s Non-Profit History Organizations Funding Addresses Essential Institutional Financial Needs to Help Navigate the Pandemic’s Impact 06/22/21 - NJ State Council on the Arts NEW JERSEY BEGINS RISK COMMUNICATION CAMPAIGN ART INSTALLATIONS Coastal communities throughout New Jersey are embarking on a series of art installations to raise awareness about coastal hazard impacts. 06/14/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Apple TV Plus’ Lisey’s Story Available on Streaming Service Limited miniseries filmed in New Jersey 06/14/21 - NJ – Israel Commission Statement on Congratulating the 36th Government of the State of Israel Upon the formation of the 36th Government of the State of Israel, the New Jersey-Israel Commission sends its congratulations to Prime Minister Naftali Bennett, Alternate Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Yair Lapid, and the new members of the Israeli Cabinet. 05/18/21 - NJ State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL SWEARS IN NEWEST COUNCIL MEMBER, CHRIS FOGLIO, FOUNDER AND CEO OF COMMUNITY INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, INC. The New Jersey State Council on the Arts has sworn in Chris Foglio as the newest member of the Council Board. Ms. Foglio took her oath – administered by Council Ex-Officio Member Senator Tom Kean - during the Council’s public meeting on Tuesday, May 18th. 05/12/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Netflix’s Army of the Dead Set to Debut in Theatres, Online Movie hits theatres May 14, Netflix May 21 05/03/21 - NJ – Israel Commission The New Jersey – Israel Commission Announces an Increase in the State’s Trade with Israel from 2018 to 2019 Newly Released New Jersey Trade Data on Israel’s 72nd Independence Day Show Significant Economic Improvements with Israel 04/20/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Films With New Jersey Roots Among Nominees At Academy Awards The 93rd Academy Awards ceremony is only days away, and films with Garden State connections dominate this year’s Oscars. 04/09/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission What’s Filming In New Jersey: ‘Severance’ Principal photography in Holmdel 03/29/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission and NBCUniversal Announce Production Assistant Bootcamp in Newark Free Diverse Production Assistant Training Program Open To New Jersey Residents 03/16/21 - NJ State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL GRANTS OVER $3 MILLION TO NEW JERSEY NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS FOR COVID RECOVERY AND RELIEF The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held a public meeting today, where nearly $750,000 was awarded to 50 New Jersey nonprofit organizations through a recovery program that will help the arts sector prepare for a full-scale recovery. 02/17/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission New Jersey Well Represented At Entertainment Awards Shows New Jersey film fans have plenty of reasons to celebrate this year as the 78th Golden Globe Awards get underway on Sunday, February 28, in Beverly Hills. 02/16/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Death Saved My Life Premiered on Lifetime Haddonfield and other New Jersey towns play a starring role in the thriller Death Saved My Life , which aired on Lifetime on February 13th. 02/16/21 - NJ State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL PROGRAM OFFICER PORCHÉ HARDY SELECTED TO SERVE ON NATIONAL ARTS EDUCATION PARTNERSHIP ADVISORY COUNCIL Porché Hardy – Program Officer with the New Jersey State Council on the Arts - has been named as the newest member of the Arts Education Partnership (AEP) Advisory Council. 02/02/21 - NJ State Council on the Arts STATE ARTS COUNCIL GRANTS NEARLY $1 MILLION TO NEW JERSEY ARTISTS & WELCOMES NEW COUNCIL MEMBER The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held its first public meeting of 2021 today, where nearly $1 million was awarded to 129 New Jersey artists through two grant programs. 01/28/21 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Palisade Stages Opens in Kearny The recent influx of film and television activity in New Jersey has created an unprecedented demand for large studio space. Palisade Stages, the first major soundstage to be built in the state, has just opened for business in Kearny. 01/19/21 - NJ Business Action Center Most New Jersey Businesses Have Adapted to the Realities of Pandemic, but Need Help in the Coming Months, Survey Finds Businesses Say They Will Need Financial and Technical Support in Months to Come 2020 Press Releases 12/21/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission The Queen Returns To New Jersey North Jersey locations are being used for the CBS television series The Equalizer , a new take on the 1980s drama series of the same name. 12/07/20 - NJ State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Announces $5 Million in CARES Act Funds for Arts Organizations Federal Funds Come at Crucial Time for NJ Nonprofit Arts Industry Impacted by COVID-19 12/01/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission member Janice Kovach Becomes President of New Jersey State League of Municipalities Janice Kovach, a board member of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission, was sworn in as President of the New Jersey State League of Municipalities on Friday, November 20. 11/02/20 - NJ Secretary of State Secretary Way Will Visit Prudential Center to Observe Election Day Operations In her capacity as New Jersey’s top election official, Secretary of State Tahesha Way will visit the Prudential Center in Newark tomorrow afternoon to observe the site’s Election Day operations. 10/27/20 - NJ State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $16.3 Million in Grants, Establishes COVID Relief Programs Investment Supports Jobs, Arts Nonprofits, and Services in Every County during COVID Crisis 10/15/20 - NJ State Museum 9th Annual Halloween Spooktacular Goes Virtual The New Jersey State Museum’s annual Halloween event is going virtual this year. 10/15/20 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $3.051 Million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2021 General Operating Support, Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Funding to Support History Organizations, Projects, and Programs across all 21 Counties 10/07/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission The Trial of the Chicago 7 Debuts on Netflix Aaron Sorkin’s powerful new drama The Trial of the Chicago 7 will begin streaming on Netflix beginning October 16th. 10/06/20 - NJ State Museum New Virtual Program Autumn Evening Series The New Jersey State Museum will present the Autumn Evenings Series, a new four-part program of live digital events starting October 8. 10/05/20 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Announces $1M In Funding to Expand Small Business Exporting The U.S. Small Business Administration’s STEP Program Awards N.J. $1 Million to Increase Export Sales for Small Businesses 09/29/20 - NJ Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2020 NJ History Conference, Battles for the Ballot: New Jersey Voting Rights, Then and Now Conference to Explore Voting Rights and Suffrage Stories throughout NJ State History 09/17/20 - NJ Division of Elections GOVERNOR MURPHY AND SECRETARY OF STATE WAY ANNOUNCE “NEW JERSEY VOTES” EDUCATION CAMPAIGN AHEAD OF GENERAL ELECTION Today, Governor Phil Murphy, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, and the State’s Division of Elections launched a comprehensive education campaign, NEW JERSEY VOTES, to educate on the upcoming November 3rd General Election. 09/08/20 - NJ Division of Elections New Jersey Launches Online Voter Registration This week, New Jersey’s Division of Elections launched the state’s first online voter registration tool. 08/19/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Amazon Studios’ Chemical Hearts Premieres on Amazon Prime Romantic drama filmed in New Jersey available on August 21 08/12/20 - NJ Historical Commission NJ Women Vote to host Women’s Equality Day Virtual Panel, BUILDING ON OUR PAST TO PAVE OUR FUTURE Women’s Equality Day virtual panel will feature leading women in NJ state government for an educational and empowering free event suitable for all ages 07/30/20 - NJ State Museum The Museum is Open Online with New Digital Programming Even though the New Jersey State Museum has been closed for the past four months due to the pandemic, the staff has been working from home to bring Museum experiences to the public. 07/29/20 - NJ Historical Commission NJ Women Vote Continues Centennial Commemoration with a Redesigned Suffrage Solo Slow Roll NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 Amends Suffrage Slow Roll to Prioritize Public Health Concerns 07/29/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission New Jersey Film Commission Nominated as Outstanding Film Commission by the Locations Manager Guild International The New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission has been nominated by the Location Managers Guild International as an Outstanding Film Commission. 07/24/20 - NJ State Council on the Arts Fort Lee Artist Named Recipient of Nation’s Highest Honor in the Folk and Traditional Arts The National Endowment for the Arts recently announced the recipients of its 2020 National Heritage Fellowships 06/23/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Universal Pictures’ You Should Have Left Available on Digital Rental Services Thriller movie filmed in New Jersey can be watched On Demand at Home 05/19/20 - NJ State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Announces CARES Act Funds for Arts Organizations Federal Funds Help Support Nonprofit Arts Industry Statewide Impacted by COVID-19 04/29/20 - NJ – Israel Commission The New Jersey – Israel Commission Announces an Increase in the State’s Trade with Israel from 2018 to 2019 Newly Released New Jersey Trade Data on Israel’s 72nd Independence Day Show Significant Economic Improvements with Israel 03/12/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission HBO’s Adaptation of Philip Roth’s The Plot Against America Set to Debut Alternate History Miniseries set and filmed in New Jersey premieres Monday, March 16 at 9 pm 03/11/20 - NJ Historical Commission Mock Election Inspired by NJ’s 19th Amendment Centennial Engages over 35,000 Students Statewide NJ Vote 100 Mock Election marks the centennial of New Jersey’s ratification of the 19th Amendment 02/11/20 - NJ State Museum New “Small World” Exhibition a Visually Compelling Experience The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the Nikon “Small World” exhibition, on view adjacent to the Planetarium lobby from March 15 through July 10. 02/11/20 - NJ Historical Commission Survey of K-12 Social Studies Education is Part of Planning for the 250th Anniversary of the American Revolution The 2020 New Jersey Social Studies Survey is now available online for all New Jersey schools, kindergarten to twelfth grade. 02/11/20 - NJ State Council on the Arts State Arts Council Honors Twenty-Eight New Jersey Artists & Welcomes New Council Member The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held its first public meeting of 2020 today at the Morris Museum in Morristown, where this year's Artist Fellowship awards were announced. 02/10/20 - NJ State Planning Commission New Jersey State Planning Commission Adds New Members, Leadership Four new appointees joined the State Planning Commission during the body’s annual meeting at the Statehouse Annex in Trenton. 02/05/20 - NJ Census 2020 Montclair State to Host 2020 Census ‘New Jersey Complete Count’ Rally With 2020 Census Day fast approaching, there’s a risk that millions of New Jersey residents may go uncounted. 02/05/20 - NJ – Israel Commission New Jersey and Israel Honor Righteous Holocaust-era Diplomats Ceremony at NJ TRANSIT’s Secaucus Junction Raises Awareness of Holocaust amid Rising Antisemitism 01/31/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Governor Murphy Signs Extension to Garden State Film and Digital Media Jobs Act Following a record year for New Jersey’s motion picture and television industry, Governor Phil Murphy signed legislation to expand the financial incentive program that has served as a catalyst for a dramatic increase in production activity in the state. 01/30/20 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Governor Phil Murphy Appoints Janice Kovach To The New Jersey Motion Picture And Television Commission The New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission is pleased to announce the addition of Janice Kovach to the 10-member Commission. Governor Phil Murphy’s appointment of Kovach was approved by the Senate on January 13. 01/28/20 - NJ – Israel Commission Secretary Way Marks Holocaust Remembrance Day at United Nations Yesterday, January 27, 2020, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, on behalf of the State of New Jersey, attended the official United Nations ceremony marking 75 years since the liberation of the notorious Auschwitz Birkenau Nazi German concentration and extermination camp on International Holocaust Remembrance Day. 2019 Press Releases 12/23/19 - New Jersey-Israel Commission Secretary Way Visits Israel for American Jewish Committee’s Project Interchange Last week, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way visited Israel with a delegation of 10 other Secretaries of State from across the United States, as part of American Jewish Committee’s Project Interchange. 12/05/19 - NJ State Museum New Jersey Theatre Alliance & ArtPride NJ Partner with New Jersey State Council on the Arts to Launch of New Jersey Arts Administrators of Color Network In October of 2019, New Jersey Theatre Alliance developed New Jersey Arts Administrators of Color (NJAAC) with the intent to establish a network of professional arts administrators of color while advancing efforts related to equity, diversity, and inclusion within New Jersey’s arts community. 12/04/19 - NJ State Museum New Exhibition Examines Birds and Their Influence on Our Culture The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce “Fine Feathered Friends: Birds as Mainstay and Muse,” a new exhibition opening on Saturday, January 4, 2020. 11/26/19 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission NJ Motion Picture Commission Launches Reel-Scout Partnership Interactive Digital Location Library Showcases Diverse NJ Locations Available for Film and TV Productions 11/18/19 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission NJ Motion Picture Commission and NBCUniversal Announce Third Diverse Production Assistant Bootcamp Free Diverse Production Assistant Training Program Open To 30 New Jersey Residents 10/08/19 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission and Crossroads of the American Revolution Announce United States 250th Anniversary Logo Contest Now Seeking Designs to Represent Revolution NJ, New Jersey’s Initiative to Commemorate 250 Years of United States history 09/30/19 - Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program Forming Alumni Association As we celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month, Sara Pena, Director of the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research, and Development (CHPRD), is pleased to announce the formation of the Governor’s Hispanic Fellows Program Alumni Association. 09/26/19 - NJ Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission Announces 2019 NJ History Conference: New Jersey Women Make History Conference to Explore and Celebrate the Stories of Women throughout NJ State History 09/24/19 - State Museum New Exhibition an Homage to the Pinelands The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce “Preserving the Pinelands: Albert Horner’s Portraits of a National Treasure,” a new exhibition opening Saturday, October 12. 09/17/19 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Announces Funding to Expand Small Business Exporting United States SBA STEP Program Awards New Jersey $900,000 to Increase Export Sales for Small Businesses 09/03/19 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Business Action Center to Host Free Webinar on Exporting The New Jersey Business Action Center (NJBAC) will host a free webinar titled, ‘Grow Your Business Through Exporting’ this month. 08/23/19 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey First Lady Tammy Murphy and Secretary of State Tahesha Way to Co-Chair Statewide Efforts to Mark the Centennial of Women’s Suffrage in 2020 NJ Women Vote: The Nineteenth Amendment at 100 Partnership is Planning Events and Programs in 2020 that will Explore Women’s Suffrage in New Jersey 08/16/19 - State Museum New Jersey State Museum Granted Reaccreditation Secretary of State Tahesha Way is pleased to announce that the New Jersey State Museum has been granted reaccreditation by the American Alliance of Museums. 07/30/19 - NJ Business Action Center Secretary of State Tahesha Way Announces Donna Rendeiro as Executive Director of the Office of Planning Advocacy Acting Governor Sheila Oliver and Secretary of State Tahesha Way today announced the appointment of Donna Rendeiro as Executive Director of the Office of Planning Advocacy and the Secretary of the New Jersey State Planning Commission. 07/30/19 - NJ Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $2.4 Million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2020 General Operating Support, Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Funding to Support History Organizations, Projects, and Programs across all 21 Counties 07/23/19 - NJ State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $15.7 Million in Grants Investment Strengthens Economic and Creative Vitality of Communities in Every County 07/11/19 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Business Action Center Launches Podcast to Aid N.J. Businesses All new, six-part podcast series highlights NJBAC services 07/01/19 - NJ State Council on the Arts, the NJ Historical Commission State Benefits Recipients Get Free or Discounted Admission at more than 85 New Jersey Arts and History Organizations The Families First Discovery Pass (FFDP) is a new program in New Jersey designed to provide families and individuals enrolled in state assistance programs with greater access to arts and history events, venues and programs statewide. 06/03/19 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Business Action Center to Host Free Webinar to Aid Manufacturers The organization will provide free answers to business questions during June 19 webinar 05/20/19 - NJ Business Action Center New Jersey Business Action Center Offers Digital Guide to Business Assistance & Incentive Programs Business questions? NJBAC has answers! 05/09/19 - NJ Division of Travel and Tourism Governor Phil Murphy, Secretary of State Tahesha Way Announce Record-Breaking New Jersey Tourism in 2018 Governor Sets Goal to Reach 150 Million Visitors to New Jersey By 2023 05/06/19 - State Museum “Many Inspired Steps” Exhibition Commemorates Apollo Program The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present the exhibition, Many Inspired Steps, celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing. 03/20/19 - NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Inclusion and Economic Growth Take Center Stage at Diversity in Film and Television Production Forum State and local officials joined a wide array of film and television industry leaders in Newark to discuss diversity and inclusion in New Jersey’s film industry at today’s Diversity in Film and Television Production Forum. 03/08/19 - NJ Division of Elections Secretary Way, State Election Officials Take Part In Pilot Risk-Limiting Audit 02/15/19 - NJ Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission Announces Statewide Efforts to Mark the Centennial of Women’s Suffrage in 2020 NJ Women Vote: The Nineteenth Amendment at 100 Partnership will Explore Suffrage and Beyond in New Jersey 02/15/19 - NJ Division of Elections The New Jersey Division of Elections Office Has Moved. The New Jersey Division of Elections office has moved to a new location on the fourth floor of 20 W. State St., Trenton. The Division of Elections will operate as normal and all phone and email contact information is unchanged. 01/16/19 - State Museum Crocodiles Visit the Banks of the Delaware in New Exhibition The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of “Jersey Crocs Rule!” on March 2. 01/10/19 - Complete Count Commission New Jersey’s Complete Count Commission Meets, Focuses on Increased Participation for 2020 Census On Wednesday, January 9, 2019, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way chaired the first meeting of the New Jersey Complete Count Commission at the War Memorial in Trenton, New Jersey. 2018 Press Releases 10/25/18 - Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Names Allison Tratner as Executive Director The New Jersey State Council on the Arts has named Allison Tratner as the new Executive Director. 10/25/18 - Historical Commission Crossroads of the American Revolution Selected as Not-For-Profit Partner for New Jersey’s 250th Anniversary of the United States Commemoration Efforts Crossroads of the American Revolution National Heritage Area has been selected as the private sector partner to work with the New Jersey Historical Commission in planning the state’s activities marking the 250th anniversary of the founding of the United States in 2026. 10/24/18 - NJ Cultural Trust The New Jersey Cultural Trust Awards $311,795 in Financial Stabilization Grants to Arts Organizations The New Jersey Cultural Trust held its Annual Meeting today at Howell Living History Farm in Lambertville, NJ. 10/02/18 - Historical Commission Historical Commission Announces 2018 New Jersey History Forum, Greetings from New Jersey: Popular Culture and the Garden State Concluding a year-long focus on New Jersey’s popular culture history, the New Jersey Historical Commission, in partnership with the New Jersey State Museum and the New Jersey State Archives, will hold the 2018 History Forum, Greetings from New Jersey: Popular Culture and the Garden State , at Monmouth University’s beautiful Wilson Hall on Friday, November 2 nd . 09/28/18 - Business Action Center State of New Jersey Announces Funding to Expand Small Business Exporting New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way announced small businesses across New Jersey will have access to a $700,000 export promotion program through a competitively awarded grant with the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA). 09/19/18 - State Museum New Exhibition Highlights Foundation’s Contributions to State Museum The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of the new exhibition “Foundation@50: Celebrating Five Decades of Support” on September 22. 09/19/18 - State Museum From Fossil Tracks to Flight Suits, a Decade of Collecting at the New Jersey State Museum The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of “Objects Count: A Decade of Collecting at the New Jersey State Museum” on October 6. 09/19/18 - State Archives New Jersey Department of State to Commemorate Constitution Week As part of the nationwide observance of Constitution Week, New Jersey will host a series of commemorative events showcasing the state’s invaluable contributions to the creation of America’s governing document. 08/17/18 - Division of Elections New Jersey Announces $10.2 Million in Election Security Initiatives New Jersey has finalized a spending plan utilizing $10.2 million in federal and state election security funds. 07/25/18 - Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $2.5 Million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2019 General Operating Support, Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Funding to Support History Organizations, Projects, and Programs across all 21 Counties 07/24/18 - Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $15.7 Million in Grants The New Jersey State Council on the Arts awarded more than $15.7 million in grant funding to support 700 arts organizations, projects, and artists throughout the state. 06/19/18 - Council on the Arts Statement from Secretary of State and State Arts Council Chair on Tragic Events at "Art All Night" Like so many across our state and nation, I was shaken by this weekend's tragic events in Trenton. 06/12/18 - Secretary of State Secretary Way’s Statement on Supreme Court Ruling Upholding Ohio’s Voter Registration Purge Policy New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way released the following statement disagreeing with yesterday’s U.S. Supreme Court’s 5-4 ruling... 06/05/18 - Division of Elections Division of Elections Issues Press Guidance for June 5 Primary Election The New Jersey Division of Elections has issued the following press guidance for the New Jersey Primary Election, Tuesday, June 5. 05/17/18 - State Museum Amazing Microscopic Views on Display Now in Nikon “Small World” Exhibition The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the Nikon “Small World” exhibition is on view through July 15, 2018. 05/14/18 - Council on the Arts New Jersey Arts Organizations Awarded Over $1.3 Million From The National Endowment for the Arts Fifteen arts-related organizations were awarded grants totaling over $1.3 million to expand arts and cultural programs and opportunities in New Jersey. 05/11/18 - Division of Elections Division of Elections Reminds Citizens of Upcoming May 15 Deadline to Register to Vote for the June 5 Primary Election The New Jersey Division of Elections wishes to remind citizens of the upcoming deadline to register to vote for the upcoming primary election ahead of the June 5 primary election. 04/30/18 - Office of the Secretary New Jersey Secretary of State Celebrates Tourism Successes Secretary of State Tahesha Way announced that New Jersey again set a record in 2017, with the tourism industry accounting for $45.4 billion in economic impact – an increase of more than 2.9 percent over the previous year. 04/30/18 - Office of the Secretary Vasser Named Acting Executive Director of the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism Secretary of State Tahesha Way announced the appointment of travel and tourism industry leader, Jeff Vasser, as the Acting Executive Director of the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism. 04/24/18 - Office of the Secretary New Jersey Secretary of State Announces Senior Staff Leadership Team Secretary of State Tahesha Way today announced key senior staff positions including Chief of Staff, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Director of Communications and Executive Director of the Business Action Center. 04/12/18 - Division of Elections Joint Release Concerning the Cybersecurity of New Jersey's Election Systems The New Jersey Department of State, through its Division of Elections, and the New Jersey Office of Homeland Security and Preparedness, through its New Jersey Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Cell, released the following statement reasserting continued confidence in the state’s election security measures. 04/04/18 - National and Community Service The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service Commemorates the 50th Anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s Assassination The New Jersey Department of State’s Commission on National and Community Service commemorated the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s assassination at an event in Princeton titled, “The King Year: Reflection in Action.” 03/28/18 - Division of Elections Division of Elections Reminds Registered Voters of Upcoming April 11 Deadline for Change of Party Affiliation Declaration Forms for Primary Election to be Filed with County Commissioners of Registration The New Jersey Division of Elections wishes to remind all registered voters who are currently affiliated with a political party and who wish to change their party affiliation that the deadline to change party affiliation is Wednesday, April 11, 2018 03/26/18 - Division of Elections New Jersey Secretary of State and Election Officials Attend Training Exercise for Cyber-Attack Prevention On Friday, March 23, Secretary of State Tahesha Way led a delegation from New Jersey to a dress rehearsal of a table-top training exercise for prevention of cyber-attacks and information operations at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard University’s Kennedy School. 03/19/18 - Division of Elections Division of Elections Reminds Candidates of Upcoming April 2 Petition Filing Deadline for the June 5 Primary Election The New Jersey Division of Elections wishes to remind all Republican and Democratic candidates for United States Senate, United States House of Representatives, and General Assembly for Legislative Districts 15, 32, 34 and 36 that the petition filing deadline for the June 5 primary election is 4:00 p.m. on Monday, April 2, 2018. 03/13/18 - Council on the Arts State Champion Named at New Jersey Poetry Out Loud! Breana Sena, a student from Dr. Ronald E. McNair Academic High School in Jersey City, was named State Champion at the 2018 New Jersey Poetry Out Loud (NJ POL) State Finals competition, part of the national poetry recitation program. The state finals took place Monday at The Grunin Center for the Arts at Ocean County College. 02/13/18 - Council on the Arts State Arts Council Honors Eighteen New Jersey Artists The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held its first public meeting of 2018 today at Mana Contemporary in Jersey City. 2017 Press Releases 11/16/17 - Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Approves Over $300,000 in FY 2018 Capital Historic Preservation Grants Advancing its ongoing commitment to preserving and protecting New Jersey’s rich and diverse historic resources, the New Jersey Cultural Trust (NJCT) has announced $304,655 in FY 2018 Capital Historic Preservation grant awards to 13 qualified organizations and projects statewide. 09/07/17 - National and Community Service New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service Awarded $283,333 to Strengthen and Expand Volunteering Across New Jersey The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service (NJ Commission) announced today that it has received a Volunteer Generation Fund (VGF) grant of $283,333 from the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS), the federal agency that oversees AmeriCorps and the nation’s volunteer initiatives. 07/26/17 - Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $2.5 Million in Statewide Fiscal Year 2018 General Operating Support, Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Support Advancing the Christie Administration’s ongoing effort to support the state’s unique and diverse historical legacy, the New Jersey Historical Commission board today approved $2.5 million in Fiscal Year 2018 (FY 18) grant funding to 81 historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives, libraries, individuals, and county re-grant agencies across the state. 07/25/17 - Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $15.7 Million in Grants The New Jersey State Council on the Arts awarded more than $15.7 million in grant funding to support 700 arts organizations, projects and artists throughout the state. 03/09/17 - Travel and Tourism Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno Celebrates Tourism Successes and Improved Revenues Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today attended the New Jersey Conference on Tourism to discuss the New Jersey tourism industry’s diverse attractions for all seasons and the improvements the industry has made over the last year. 02/28/17 - Council on the Arts State Arts Council Awards Fellowships to New Jersey Artists The New Jersey State Council on the Arts held a public meeting on Tuesday, February 28th at the Mile Square Theatre in Hoboken and voted on the 2017 Individual Artist Fellowship Awards. 2016 Press Releases 12/08/16 - Travel and Tourism Buganski Named Acting Executive Director of New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism Lt. Governor Guadagno announced the Christie Administration has appointed tourism industry leader, Jake Buganski, as the Acting Executive Director of the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism. 07/27/16 - Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Board Approves $2.5 Million in Fiscal Year 2017 General Operating Support, Project, and County History Partnership Program Grant Funding Furthering the Christie Administration’s ongoing commitment to preserving and advancing New Jersey’s unique historical legacy, the New Jersey Historical Commission today approved 81 Fiscal Year 2017 General Operating Support, Project, and County History Partnership Program grants to historical organizations, individuals, museums, historic sites, archives, libraries, and county re-granting agencies throughout the state. 07/26/16 - Council on the Arts NEA Chairman Visits Trenton to Mark State Arts Council's 50th Jane Chu, Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts concluded a two-day visit to the Garden State celebrating the golden anniversary of the New Jersey State Council on the Arts. 06/07/16 - Travel and Tourism Visit New Jersey Tourism App Now Available on the Apple App Store and Google Play Available today, the Visit New Jersey App features all New Jersey has to offer right in the palm of your hand. 03/28/16 - Division of Elections Lt. Governor Guadagno Issues Final Decision on Senator Cruz Challenge On March 28, 2016, two parties filed challenges to the nomination petition of Senator Ted Cruz for the June 7, 2016 New Jersey Republican presidential primary election: Victor Williams and a group calling itself the South Jersey Concerned Citizens Committee. 03/03/16 - Travel and Tourism Lt. Governor Guadagno Attends New Jersey Tourism Industry Association Luncheon Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today attended the New Jersey Tourism Industry Association Luncheon to discuss the New Jersey Tourism Industry and its improvements post-Sandy. 2015 Press Releases 11/04/15 - Cultural Trust New Jersey Cultural Trust Approves Nearly $300,000 in FY 2016 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants Furthering the Christie Administration’s ongoing commitment to strengthening the state’s cultural and historic legacy for future generations, the board of the New Jersey Cultural Trust has approved over $297,000 in FY 2016 Institutional and Financial Stabilization Grants to 15 history and humanities organizations statewide. 09/15/15 - Division of Elections Division of Elections Proposes Rule Amendments The New Jersey Division of Elections, pursuant to N.J.S.A. 19:23-45.3, 19:31-6.4a through 6.9, and 19:31-30, has proposed amendments to rule N.J.A.C. 15:10. 08/06/15 - Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Approves More than $2.5 Million in Fiscal Year 2016 General Operating Support, Project Grant, Mini-grant Funding Advancing the Administration’s efforts to preserve and promote the state’s unique historical legacy, the New Jersey Historical Commission today approved nearly $2.3 million in Fiscal Year 2016 general operating support grants to 84 historical organizations, sites, museums, archives, and libraries statewide. 07/22/15 - National and Community Service Lt. Governor Guadagno Announces 2015 AmeriCorps Grant Recipients Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today announced that the New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service (Commission) will receive more than $4 million in AmeriCorps funding from the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) for each year of a new three-year funding cycle. 07/21/15 - Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $15.7 Million in Grants Demonstrating the Christie Administration's commitment to advancing the arts, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts today awarded more than $15.7 million in grant funding for over 700 arts organizations, projects and artists throughout the state. 07/06/15 - Business Action Center ICYMI: Lt. Governor Guadagno Strengthens New Jersey's Business Community It's been a busy start to the summer for Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno, who has been traveling throughout the state (and just across the river to Philadelphia) to court biotech companies at the Bio International Convention, celebrate several major business developments and catch a glimpse of drones in action. 04/01/15 - Hellenic American Heritage Commission ICYMI – Lt. Governor Guadagno Celebrates Greek Independence Day With State Hellenic Commission Commemorating the 194th year of Greek independence, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno welcomed members of the New Jersey Hellenic American Heritage Commission to the State House on March 26th. 03/27/15 - Museum New Jersey State Museum Director Anthony Gardner Takes New Role With National September 11 Memorial & Museum Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today announced that New Jersey State Museum Executive Director Anthony Gardner will leave state service to take on the role of Vice President of Community Engagement at the National September 11 Memorial & Museum. 03/12/15 - Travel & Tourism Christie Administration Announces Record-Breaking $42 Billion Tourism Expenditures in 2014 At today’s 2015 New Jersey Conference on Tourism in Atlantic City, Acting Governor Kim Guadagno announced that 2014 proved to be an exceptional year for New Jersey’s tourism industry. 02/09/15 - Business Action Center Insight Catastrophe Group Moves from Manhattan to New Jersey Applauding New Jersey’s ongoing success in economic development through business attraction, Lauren Moore, Executive Director of the New Jersey Business Action Center, today announced the relocation of Insight Catastrophe Group’s (ICG) headquarters from Manhattan to Jersey City, which will add approximately 30 new jobs. 2014 Press Releases 10/21/14 - Planning Commission State Planning Commission Proposes Rule Changes The New Jersey State Planning Commission, pursuant to N.J.S.A. 52:18A-203, has proposed amendments of rule N.J.A.C. 5:85-7.21. 09/08/14 - Cultural Trust New Jersey Department of State Proposes Rule Changes The New Jersey Department of State, pursuant to N.J.S.A. 52:16A-72 et seq., has proposed the readoption of rule N.J.A.C. 15:27 with amendments. 07/29/14 - Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $15.7 Million in Grants Demonstrating the Christie Administration's commitment to advancing the arts in New Jersey, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts today awarded more than $15.7 million in grant funding for over 700 arts organizations, projects and artists throughout the state. 06/14 - Museum New Jersey State Museum Joins in New Jersey’s 350th Birthday Festivities The Trenton Downtown Association is having a festival to celebrate New Jersey’s 350th birthday and the State Museum is joining in the birthday fun. NJ350: A Capital Celebration, a free, family-friendly festival is being held on June 22nd from 11:00am-5:00pm, rain or shine, at the Capitol Complex on West State Street, Trenton. 05/14 - Museum New Jersey State Museum Hosts 34th Annual Super Science Saturday May 3 In keeping with the NJ 350th Anniversary themes of diversity and innovation, a varied slate of programs and exhibits will explore New Jersey innovation and all things science at the New Jersey State Museum’s Super Science Saturday on Saturday, May 3, 2014, 10am to 4pm. 05/14 - Museum New Jersey’s World’s Fair History, Innovation Highlighted in New Exhibit Opening June 21st The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the opening of New Jersey on Display, an exciting new exhibition chronicling New Jersey’s involvement in seven world’s fairs held between 1876 and 1964. 05/14 - Museum New Jersey State Museum Welcomes Service Members with Blue Star Museums Program The New Jersey State Museum will once again participate in the Blue Star Museum program, a collaboration among the National Endowment for the Arts, Blue Star Families, the Department of Defense, and more than 2,000 museums across America to offer free admission to the nation’s active duty military personnel including National Guard and Reserve and their families from Memorial Day through Labor Day 2014. 03/21/14 - Travel & Tourism Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno Announces Over $553,000 in Cooperative Marketing Grants to Promote Garden State Tourism Reaffirming the Christie Administration’s commitment to support travel and tourism in New Jersey, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today announced that forty-two organizations were awarded Cooperative Marketing Grants totaling more than $553,000 to promote tourism in the Garden State. 03/20/14 - Travel & Tourism Christie Administration Announces Record Statewide Tourism Levels For 2013 The Christie Administration today announced that New Jersey’s tourism industry set a new record in 2013, generating more than $40 billion in overall tourism-related demand. 03/14/14 - Council on the Arts State Champion Named at NJ Poetry Out Loud Competition Natasha Vargas, a senior from Lawrence High School, was named State Champion at the 2014 NJ Poetry Out Loud State Finals competition, part of the national poetry recitation program. 03/14 - Museum Paleontologists Assemble Giant Turtle Bone from Fossil Discoveries Made Centuries Apart “As soon as those two halves came together, like puzzle pieces, you knew it,” said Ted Daeschler, PhD , associate curator of vertebrate zoology and vice president for collections at the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University. 03/14 - Museum NJ State Museum Presents an Exhibition Celebrating Algira's 30th Anniversary The New Jersey State Museum is honored to present the exhibition, “Aljira at 30, Dream and Reality,” in the Museum's first floor East Gallery from March 29 through September 28, 2014. 03/14 - Museum Dinosaurs and Artists Collide in New Exhibit The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to announce the return of Hadrosaurus foulkii to New Jersey in the new exhibit Drawn To Dinosaurs: Hadrosaurus foulkii opening on Saturday, March 22 in the Museum’s Natural History Hall. 02/25/14 - Council on the Arts State Arts Council Honors 20 New Jersey Artists The New Jersey State Council of the Arts held its first regular meeting of 2014 today at the South Orange Performing Arts Center which provided a fitting backdrop for the Council’s 17th Annual Artists' Roundtable featuring New Jersey artists of all disciplines who convened and exchanged information on a host of important issues. 02/14/14 - Museum New Jersey State Museum Presents an Exhibition Exploring the Artists of Roosevelt The New Jersey State Museum is pleased to present the New Jersey Artist Series exhibition, “Artists of Roosevelt,” in the Museum’s second floor Riverside Gallery from February 15 through May 25, 2014. 01/28/14 - Travel & Tourism 14 Tourism-Related Organizations Were Awarded Destination Marketing Organization (DMO) Grants A total of 14 tourism-related organizations were awarded Destination Marketing Organization (DMO) Grants totaling over $1.5 million to expand tourism marketing opportunities in New Jersey in Fiscal Year 2014. 2013 Press Releases 09/21/13 - Travel & Tourism Back to School Outings in the Garden State The post-summer routine for families with school-age children may signal the end of a season, but it doesn’t mean the fun has to end, too. 07/19/13 - National and Community Service Christie Administration Announces More Than $2.9 Million In AmeriCorps Grants To State Organizations Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno announced today that 15 organizations have received new or continued AmeriCorps grant support from the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS). 03/20/13 - Travel & Tourism Christie Administration Announces Significant Milestone for New Jersey’s Travel and Tourism Industry The Christie Administration announced today that the Garden State set a new record in 2012, generating nearly $40 billion in total tourism demand. 2012 Press Releases 11/07/12 - Travel & Tourism Christie Administration Announces Recovery Assistance Services for New Jersey Businesses Impacted by Hurricane Sandy To support the recovery of New Jersey’s businesses and protect the overall economic interests of our state in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, Governor Chris Christie and Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno have announced a series of business assistance services for those affected by the storm. 11/06/12 - Travel & Tourism Governor Chris Christie Announces FEMA Individual Assistance Extended to All 21 New Jersey Counties Governor Chris Christie today announced that the federal government has extended disaster assistance for New Jerseyans impacted by Hurricane Sandy to all 21 counties, providing direct assistance to individuals and households in the aftermath of the historic hurricane Sandy. 11/05/12 - Travel & Tourism Atlantic City Back In Business For Events, Groups And Conventions After Hurricane Sandy Two of the Northeast’s top event and convention venues, the Atlantic City Convention Center and Historic Boardwalk Hall, are open for business after Hurricane Sandy with neither experiencing any significant damage from the unprecedented storm. 11/05/12 - Travel & Tourism Christie Administration Announces All Twelve Atlantic City Casinos Back in Operation With the re-opening of the Atlantic Club Casino Hotel this morning, Governor Chris Christie and Division of Gaming Enforcement Director David Rebuck announced that all hotel operations and gaming activity at the twelve Atlantic City casinos are back in operation. 11/02/12 - Travel & Tourism Business Leaders Comment On Atlantic City Reopening Atlantic City business leaders announced today on the boardwalk that casinos and related businesses can reopen to the public Friday, November 2nd, after closure Sunday, Oct. 28th, due to the impact of Hurricane Sandy. 10/11/12 - Travel & Tourism Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno and New Jersey Devils Celebrate Albany Devils Hockey Coming Back To Atlantic City Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today joined New Jersey Devils Chairman and Managing Partner Jeff Vanderbeek and Devils President/CEO/General Manager Lou Lamoriello to announce the return of Albany Devils hockey to Atlantic City, with four regular season games scheduled to be played at Boardwalk Hall as part of the team’s upcoming 2012-13 schedule. 10/01/12 - Travel & Tourism Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno Announces Destination Marketing Organization Grants For Regional Tourism Promotion Investing in the growth and future of the state’s tourism industry, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today announced 14 Destination Marketing Organization (DMO) grants totaling more than $1.3 million to expand tourism marketing opportunities in New Jersey. 09/21/12 - Travel & Tourism Jersey Shore Regions Welcome Second Season The fall season is just around the corner, yet the “second season” is underway along the Jersey Shore. 09/20/12 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Highlighting The Arts As An Engine for Economic Growth, Acting Governor Kim Guadagno Visits Mayo Performing Arts Center In Morristown Demonstrating the significance of the arts to economic growth, community development and job creation, Acting Governor Kim Guadagno visited the Mayo Performing Arts Center (MPAC) in Morristown today as the third stop on her “Arts Mean Business” tour across the state. 09/12/12 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Casting the Spotlight on the Arts, Economic Development and Jobs, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno Tours Millburn’s Paper Mill Playhouse Focusing the spotlight on how the arts advance economic activity in the state, Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno today visited the Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn. 09/06/12 - Travel & Tourism Picnic Pavilions Unveiled At Liberty State Park A new picnic area featuring eco-friendly amenities and dramatic views of the Statue of Liberty and the New York City skyline is being unveiled at a ribbon-cutting ceremony today at Liberty State Park. 07/31/12 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $15.7 Million in Grants Demonstrating the Christie Administration’s commitment to furthering arts in New Jersey, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts today awarded more than $15.7 million in grant funding to nearly 800 arts organizations, projects and artists throughout the state. 04/25/12 - Travel & Tourism New Jersey Tourism’s “Spin-To-Win Sweepstakes” Highlights Popular Destinations Around The Garden State The New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism is offering visitors an opportunity to win prizes to some of the State’s exciting attractions and destinations. 03/21/12 - Travel & Tourism DEP Teams Up With Private Groups To Bring Free National Exhibits To Liberty State Park Visitors to Liberty State Park in Jersey City will be transported back in time and 3,000 miles west when they walk through the doors of the historic Central Railroad of New Jersey Terminal Building. 03/15/12 - Travel & Tourism New Jersey Comeback Continues with Increased Tourist Visits and Near Record Level of Visitor Expenditures for 2011 New Jersey’s tourism industry is on the rebound with tourists spending $38 billion on their visits to the Garden State in 2011, according to figures released today at the New Jersey Conference on Tourism. 02/12/12 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts State Arts Council Awards Artist Grants, Holds 15th Annual Artists' Roundtable and Swears in New Member At a public meeting held today at the Visual Arts Center of New Jersey in Summit, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts announced the award of 2012 Individual Artist Fellowship grants totaling $182,600 to 22 New Jersey artists selected from more than 300 applicants in the categories of crafts, sculpture, photography, playwriting and poetry. 02/06/12 - Travel & Tourism Rutgers Visitor Center Designated Official New Jersey Visitor Information Center Tens of thousands of annual visitors to Rutgers will be able to learn more about New Jersey’s many vacation spots and entertainment options under a new partnership between the university and the New Jersey Division of Travel and Tourism. 01/23/12 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts Grants for Traditional Folk Artists Available The New Jersey State Council on the Arts announces the availability of guidelines and applications for its Fiscal Year 2013 Folk Arts Apprenticeship Program. 2011 Press Releases 10/27/11 - New Jersey State Museum Friends of the New Jersey State Museum Awarded $75,000 Grant from PNC Foundation to Provide Financial Education Program for Preschoolers The Friends of the New Jersey State Museum has been awarded a $75,000 grant from the PNC Foundation to teach area children lessons in spending, sharing and saving while providing parents with resources to reinforce the lessons at home. 09/07/11 - New Jersey Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Announces $975,000 in Fiscal Year 2012 Grants to Support Critical Community-based Initiatives Reaffirming the Christie Administration’s commitment to a vibrant and inclusive economic development policy focused on economic empowerment and broadening key workforce development initiatives, the Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development (“CHPRD”) today announced its Fiscal Year 2012 grants recipients. 08/19/11 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts NJ State Council on the Arts Elects New Chair and Officers At its 45th Annual Meeting on July 26 the New Jersey State Council on the Arts elected new officers to lead agency efforts in support of New Jersey’s vibrant arts industry. 07/26/11 - New Jersey State Council on the Arts NJ State Council on the Arts Approves More than $15.8 Million to Support Arts Organizations, Projects and Artists Throughout the State for FY 2012 At its 45th Annual Meeting today at the New Jersey State Museum Auditorium, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts voted to award grants totaling $15,811,107 in state and federal funding. 07/22/11 - Historical Commission New Jersey Historical Commission Votes on FY 2012 General Operating Support Grants The New Jersey Historical Commission met on July 21, 2011 in Trenton and approved $2,355,000 in General Operating Support grants to a total of 75 historical organizations, museums, historic sites, archives and libraries throughout New Jersey. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate