Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/about-us/success-stories/monica-lee.shtml

Monica Lee at Route 66 International Skip to Content New Jersey Business Action Center Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close Department of State New Jersey Business Action Center The Hon. Tahesha Way, Secretary of State Chat with us or call us at 1-800-Jersey-7 Monica Lee at Route 66 International Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., a Hackensack-based seaweed company, Lee has helped guide the company as it worked to expand its customer base, its production capacity and its global reach. The firm, founded in 2016, started with what sounded like an overwhelming task - taking on the Chinese seaweed market. Korean seaweed, Lee said, is known for its good taste, but it wasn’t as well known around the globe. So, Route 66 started to import Korean seaweed for sale to American restaurants. It was a good start, but Lee soon recognized there was another opportunity here. She wasn’t aware of any seaweed factories operating in the U.S., so Route 66 decided that was the next step. In 2019, the firm purchased a building. Following extensive renovations and equipment purchase, the factory was ready to open its doors in January 2020. The facility imports A-grade Korean seaweed, which is then roasted and packaged here in New Jersey. Starting operations the year a global pandemic hit certainly wasn’t ideal, but despite that added challenge sales have been strong and today the company, which has 11 full-time employees, sells its packaged seaweed to more than 800 restaurants in 40 states. While Lee started her career as a kindergarten teacher in South Korea, her focus today is on business. “Being a woman, to me, I look at it as an advantage, not a disadvantage,” Lee said as the country celebrates Women’s History Month this March. “I focus on what I can do better as a woman and I’m not afraid to ask for help,” Lee said. “I don’t have any experience on the business side, so I looked for support and resources. I received help from the state (including the New Jersey Business Action Center’s Office of Export Promotion) and that gave me a lot of insight and strength.” As she learned more, she pursued new opportunities including exporting. With the help of the NJBAC and the Small Business Administration, Lee has made connections with potential customers in places like Germany and is pursuing those leads. She encourages women in business to take advantage of the many resources available as they pursue their goals. “Try to get the support of the state and the advocates here to help. Getting the right advice and working with reliable sources is key,” she said. Resources Workforce Development Visit Business.NJ.gov Connect With us Call Our Business Helpline 1-800-Jersey-7 (1-800-537-7397) Request a Meeting With Us Success Stories Previous Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Next View All Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate