Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0728.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 28, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State What’s Filming In New Jersey: AMC’s The Walking Dead Spin-Off Starring Lauren Cohan and Jeffrey Dean Morgan NEWARK, N.J. – AMC’s The Walking Dead franchise expands its universe to the Meadowlands Arena and North Jersey locations for its upcoming spin-off series starring Lauren Cohan and Jeffrey Dean Morgan. This is the fifth series in The Walking Dead franchise and will follow Maggie (Cohan) and Negan (Morgan) as they explore a postapocalyptic New York City. Eli Jorné, who writes and co-executive produces the original series, will serve as the showrunner, while Scott M. Gimple, chief content officer of The Walking Dead franchise, will oversee the series. Cohan and Morgan also serve as executive producers. The first six-episode season is expected to debut on AMC and AMC+ in 2023. Filming begins in late July and will continue through the fall at the Meadowlands Arena in East Rutherford, formerly known as the Izod Center and once home to the New Jersey Devils and New Jersey Nets. Previously, the NBC prime-time series The Enemy Within and Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector were filmed at the arena, as well as the CBS drama The Equalizer. Additional filming will take place in a variety of North and Central Jersey locations. “We are pleased that this AMC Studios production at the Meadowlands Arena is furthering the Murphy Administration’s goal of making New Jersey a premiere destination for motion picture and television production,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “AMC is joining the many networks, studios, independent production companies, and streaming services that are flocking to the state, creating vital economic and image enhancement.” “The Meadowlands Arena continues to bring forth economic growth to the region as crew and cast members of The Walking Dead franchise and other hit series patronize local businesses,” said Vincent Prieto, President and CEO of the New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority . “The great popularity of the Arena as a production spot is evidence that the Governor’s Film Tax Credit Program is working strongly, and a tribute to the Governor’s shaping of New Jersey’s reputation as a hospitable, friendly location to do business.” Gimple added , "New Jersey is the place where movies were born, where the world saw dreams come to life on screen for the very first time. Bringing The Walking Dead to life in the Garden State is a dream in and of itself – and we're happy to begin this new adventure with Governor Murphy, Secretary Way, and the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission.” This latest expansion of the Walking Dead Universe and more than 100 productions to-date have recently been attracted to New Jersey by the state’s Film Tax Credit Program, which offers eligible production companies up to 35% transferrable tax credit on qualified film production expenses, plus an additional 2% or 4% diversity bonus for qualified productions. Since the revival of the tax credit program, production has been booming in the Garden State, unlocking opportunities for thousands of businesses, residents, and filming locations across New Jersey. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate