Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2020-0812.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - August 12, 2020, NJ Historical Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Women Vote to host Women’s Equality Day Virtual Panel, BUILDING ON OUR PAST TO PAVE OUR FUTURE Women’s Equality Day virtual panel will feature leading women in NJ state government for an educational and empowering free event suitable for all ages Trenton, NJ – In commemoration of Women’s Equality Day and the centennial of the adoption of the 19th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 will host a virtual panel, Building on Our Past to Pave Our Future , on Wednesday, August 26, from 10:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. The commemorative event, to be held via Zoom, is a collaborative effort co-sponsored by the New Jersey Division on Women, a division of the Department of Children and Families, and Thomas Edison State University. On Women’s Equality Day, NJ Women Vote will invite New Jerseyeans of all ages to honor the pioneering women, throughout history, who have strived to create a more equitable society, while engaging modern-day leaders who continue in this work. NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 (NJ Women Vote) is a statewide initiative dedicated to observing the 100th anniversary of the passage of the 19th Amendment, which granted American women the constitutional right to vote. Representing over seventy partner organizations across New Jersey, NJ Women Vote aims to mark the centennial of women’s suffrage while acknowledging its inequities and the challenges New Jersey women of all backgrounds continue to confront from 1920 to the present day. The New Jersey Historical Commission, a division of the Department of State, and the non-profit Alice Paul Institute serve as lead partners for the initiative. NJ Women Vote is co-chaired by New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way and First Lady Tammy Murphy. The Women’s Equality Day panel is one of NJ Women Vote’s signature programs, offering participants the opportunity to acknowledge the dynamic role of women in harnessing political change. “Women’s Equality Day is a perfect opportunity to both consider the progress women have already made and reinforce continued efforts to achieve an equal voice in our society,” said First Lady Tammy Murphy. “Even more importantly, it is an inspirational moment for us all to ensure the next generation of leaders reflects the tremendous diversity of our state and nation.” The panel will be moderated by Debbie Walsh, Director of the Center for American Women in Politics, a unit of the Eagleton Institute at Rutgers University. Panelists include: New Jersey Lieutenant Governor Sheila Oliver, Congresswoman Mikie Sherrill, New Jersey Senator M. Teresa Ruiz, and former New Jersey Governor Christine Todd Whitman. Secretary of State Tahesha Way and First Lady Tammy Murphy will provide opening remarks. The event will conclude with powerful performances from poet Susanna Rich and professional storyteller Queen Nur. “Co-chairing NJ Women Vote has given me the opportunity, throughout 2020, to reflect on the trailblazing women who have afforded many women, myself included, the chance to serve as leaders in state government,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “I am delighted to join such an esteemed group of women, who will surely inspire new generations of young women to be involved in government.” To register for the event, free of charge, please visit https://zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_TpuzWzARQW2R0hasmNPZzw . About NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 NJ Women Vote: The 19th Amendment at 100 is multi-faceted initiative featuring a year-long series of events, programs, and projects in 2020 set to mark the centennial of the passage of the 19th Amendment in New Jersey. The New Jersey Historical Commission , in collaboration with the non-profit Alice Paul Institute , has gathered over seventy partners, representing a range of historical and cultural organizations, women’s groups, government agencies, libraries, and higher education institutions to help plan this pivotal year. To learn more about NJ Women Vote , please visit our website and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram @NJWomenVote100. You can also join our email list by contacting NJWV Communications Assistant Erica Meline at njwomenvote100@gmail.com . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate