Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0530.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - May 30, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Announces 2024 Scholarship Contest Winners TRENTON, NJ – After reviewing submissions from almost 200 New Jersey high school seniors, the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission announces the 10 winners of ‘Looking Back at Dr. King’s 1964 Nobel Peace Prize speech’ 2024 Scholarship Essay Contest: MLK24 SCHOLAR HOMETOWN HIGH SCHOOL COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY Rchin Bari Belleville Essex County Newark Tech Brown University Brooke Bokser Closter Northern Valley Regional High School at Demarest Cornell University Alondra Calva Elizabeth John E Dwyer Technology Academy Villanova University Taylor Douglas Freehold Freehold Township High School American University Ella Ehrlich Fort Lee Bergen County Academies Cornell University Bernard Liang Morganville Manalapan High School TBD Reese Passuth Clark Union County Vocational Technical High School University of Hartford Savannah Rodriguez Rahway Rahway High School Hampton University Makenna Thomas Glenwood Vernon Township High School Alvernia University Rochelle Vil Jersey City William L. Dickinson High School TBD “The 2024 essay contest winners shared insightful comments about the significance of the awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to Dr. King as reflected in his remarkable speech,” said New Jersey Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way, who oversees the MLK Jr. Commission in her capacity as Secretary of State. “I applaud these young people for their commitment to community service and furthering the legacy of Dr. King through both their words and their actions.” A virtual awards ceremony was held on the evening of May 29 to announce the 2024 MLK Scholars who come from across the state. Hosted by NJ MLK Jr. Commission Chairman George Guy and members of the Commission, the ten scholars were in attendance to accept their awards. “On behalf of the New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission, we extend our congratulations to our ten MLK Scholars who will be moving onto post-secondary education in the fall,” said Commission Chairman George Guy. “Their essays about Dr. King’s famous Nobel Prize speech and how his work continues to inspire both their academic work and community service, gives us all abundant hope for the future.” The 2024 MLK Scholars will be awarded $5,000 scholarship for the university or college of their choice in the fall of 2024. About the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission: Established by the Legislature, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission, based in the Department of State, develops, coordinates and advises the Governor on Statewide activities in honor of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s birthday. Further, it is the purpose of the Commission to create programs designed to educate the people of New Jersey about Martin Luther King, Jr. and the Civil Rights Movement. Website: NJ Department of State - New Jersey Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate