Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-early-voting.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - In-Person Early Voting Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. In-Person Early Voting in New Jersey is here! Early voting in New Jersey. Find the most convenient early voting site in your county and pick the day that works for you. Last year, historic legislation established in-person early voting in New Jersey. This law makes our state even more voter-friendly and strengthens our democracy by expanding opportunities to exercise your right to vote. This new option allows registered voters to cast their ballot in person, using a voting machine, during the designated voting period prior to Election Day. You can now choose to vote, in person, when it’s most convenient for your schedule. Every county will provide registered voters with this option for the 2025 Primary Election. They will designate in-person early voting locations that will be open Friday, June 6, 2025 – Sunday, June 8, 2025 (the in-person early voting period). Hours will be Friday-Saturday, 10:00 a.m.–8:00 p.m. and Sunday, 10:00 a.m.–6:00 p.m. No appointment is necessary. General Election In-Person Early Voting Poll Locations In-Person Early Voting Poll Location information is provided by the counties and is currently being updated. Page Last Updated: 11/06/24 Atlantic County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Bergen County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Burlington County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Camden County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Cape May County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Cumberland County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Essex County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Gloucester County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Hudson County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Hunterdon County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Mercer County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Middlesex County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Monmouth County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Morris County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Ocean County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Passaic County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Salem County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Somerset County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Sussex County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Union County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Warren County Early Voting Poll Locations Polling location information is provided by the counties and will be updated for the Primary Election. Voting Options How can I vote in the next 2025 Election? You may: Apply for a vote-by-mail ballot and return it one of the following ways: Mail: Vote-by-mail ballots sent through the mail must be postmarked by Election Day, and received by the county Board of Elections on or before the sixth day after the close of the polls. Primary Election – June 10, 2025 General Election – November 4, 2025 Secure Ballot Drop Box: Secure Ballot Drop Box: Place it in one of your county’s secure ballot drop boxes by 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. Drop box locations can be found at Vote.NJ.Gov. Board of Elections Office: Deliver it in person to your county’s Board of Elections Office by 8:00 p.m. on Election Day. County Election Officials’ contact information can be found at Vote.NJ.Gov. In-Person Early Voting for both the Primary Election and the General Election. Each NJ county will hold in-person machine voting. Each county, depending on its size, will designate a minimum of 3 to 10 voting locations for early in-person voting purposes. Early voting locations will be open from at least 10 am to 8 pm on Mondays through Saturdays, and from at least 10 am to 6 pm on Sundays. Go to Vote.NJ.Gov for your early voting sites. Primary Election – June 6, 2025 – June 8, 2025 General Election – October 25, 2025 – November 2, 2025 In-Person Voting on Election Day , at your polling place, from 6:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. Accommodations will be made for voters with disabilities. Go to Vote.NJ.Gov for your polling place, listed on the Polling Locations page. Primary Election – June 10, 2025 General Election – November 4, 2025 NOTE: Vote-by-mail ballots CANNOT be returned to your polling place for this election. Voting In-Person FAQs Is there an early voting period in New Jersey? Yes, there is an in-person (polling place/vote center) early voting period for both the Primary Election and the General Election. Each NJ county will hold in-person machine voting. Each county, depending on its size will designate a minimum of 3 to 10 voting locations for early in-person voting purposes. Early voting polling locations will be open from at least 10 am to 8 pm on Mondays through Saturdays, and from at least 10 am to 6 pm on Sundays. Primary Election – June 6, 2025 – June 8, 2025 General Election – October 25, 2025 – November 2, 2025 Voters will also be able to return their vote-by-mail ballots early at a secure ballot drop box, via mail, or in person to their Board of Elections office. Dropbox locations can be found here on the New Jersey Voter Information Portal. Can I vote in-person at my polling location on Election Day? Yes, you can vote in person at your polling location. To find your polling location please visit Vote.NJ.Gov. If you have received your vote-by-mail ballot but have not voted you may only vote by paper provisional ballot at your polling place. What is a provisional ballot? A provisional ballot is cast by a voter whose eligibility to vote cannot be confirmed at the polls on Election Day or if they have applied for a vote-by-mail ballot. If, after the election, it is determined that the voter who cast the provisional ballot was eligible to vote, the ballot will be counted. Will my other votes be counted if I choose not to vote for a candidate or question? Yes, if you choose to leave a race or question blank, your other votes will still be counted. Do I have to vote for the Party I am registered with? In the Primary Election you may vote for the candidate(s) of your choice representing the party in which you are registered. NJ recognizes the Democrat and Republican parties. You may only vote for the number of candidate(s) permitted for the office that you are casting a vote for. Example – Senate - Vote for One- you may only vote for one. Voting for more than one creates an “Over Vote” which disqualifies the vote cast for that office. Please remember to check the back and any additional pages of your ballot to ensure that you have reviewed all offices up for election. If you are an unaffiliated voter (a voter that has not declared a party) you may be eligible to vote in the Primary Election. You must declare a party when voting at your polling location or select one ballot, Democrat or Republican, if voting by mail. In a General Election you do not have to vote for the candidate(s) of the same party. Please remember to check the back and any additional pages of your ballot to ensure that you have reviewed all offices up for election and any ballot questions. Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate