Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0417.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 17, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey-Israel Commission Hires Josh Berliner as Executive Director Trenton, NJ - Governor Phil Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way today announced the hiring of Josh Berliner to serve as Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission. “After the departure of Andrew Gross last year, we are happy to announce his successor, Josh Berliner, ” said Governor Murphy . “Josh’s extensive professional background and ties to the development of Israel’s footprint in New Jersey gives him an insightful perspective as we seek to strengthen the ties between our two regions. Our office looks forward to coordinating with Josh in the new role to build on the New Jersey-Israel connection.” "We are thrilled to welcome Josh Berliner as the Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission, ” said Lt. Governor Way, who oversees the Commission in her capacity as Secretary of State . “His wealth of experience and dedication to fostering collaboration between Israeli startups and our local ecosystem will undoubtedly contribute to the Commission's success. Josh's appointment reflects our commitment to strengthening ties between New Jersey and Israel in various sectors, including healthcare, technology, and investment." “I am extremely gratified to be joining the team of the New Jersey-Israel Commission, and for the opportunity to be serving my community by helping to tell the stories of friendship between New Jersey and Israel, ” said Josh Berliner, Executive Director of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “This bilateral partnership is built on a rock-solid foundation of shared values, inspired entrepreneurship, and dedicated volunteers, and I am honored to have the chance to be a part of this legacy. I am eagerly looking forward to working with our partners in New Jersey and Israel to enhance this relationship.” "I have worked with Josh and followed his career at the Israel Economic Mission over the years, and we are very excited about what he will be bringing to the NJIC, ” said Mark Levenson, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “The Commission will greatly benefit from his personal connections, business experience, and knowledge of the Israeli landscape as we continue to get the word out that New Jersey is a premier home for Israeli businesses investors and families." "With Josh's extensive background in industry outreach, technology scouting, and cultivating relationships with Israeli entrepreneurs, we expect him to bring just the right amount of touch to the job, ” said Karin Elkis, Co-Chair of the New Jersey-Israel Commission . “My congratulations to Governor Murphy and Lieutenant Governor Way on this exciting appointment. We look forward to him helping to take NJIC to the next level in the years ahead." Josh Berliner brings extensive experience from his 12 plus year tenure at the Government of Israel Economic Mission to North America. In his recent role as Director of Business Development, he played a key role in connecting Israeli health innovation and biotech startups with the local and regional ecosystem. Berliner’s expertise includes identifying and encouraging investors, economic development programs, and corporate partners to invest in and collaborate with Israeli startups. At the Economic Mission, he facilitated thousands of meetings for Israeli startups, and cultivated dozens of new champions and connections for the Israeli ecosystem across the country in the healthcare, investment, and technology landscapes. Previously at the Economic Mission, Berliner served as Director of Business Development for High-Tech Industries, engaging Israeli startups and U.S. partners in various activities and media initiatives. He also has experience as an Advisor to the Economic Minister, and worked at the Consulate General of Israel in New York as the American Secretary to the Consul General, under Consuls General Arye Mekel and Asi Shariv. Berliner holds a Master of International Affairs from The Colin Powell School for Civic and Global Leadership at The City College of New York, and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Columbia College, Columbia University. Berliner lives in Teaneck with his three children. The New Jersey-Israel Commission, which operates within the New Jersey Department of State, was established in 1989 to promote the development of trade, culture and educational exchanges; encourage the development of capital investment and joint business ventures; and foster a spirit of cooperation between the citizens of the State of Israel and the State of New Jersey. New Jersey-Israel trade accounts for approximately $1.72 billion annually and thousands of jobs for New Jersey residents. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate