Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2018-1002.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - October 2, 2018 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Historical Commission Announces 2018 New Jersey History Forum, Greetings from New Jersey: Popular Culture and the Garden State Forum to Feature Actors, Historians, and Presentations on the History of NJ Food, Television, Music, and More TRENTON, N.J. - Concluding a year-long focus on New Jersey’s popular culture history, the New Jersey Historical Commission, in partnership with the New Jersey State Museum and the New Jersey State Archives, will hold the 2018 History Forum, Greetings from New Jersey: Popular Culture and the Garden State , at Monmouth University’s beautiful Wilson Hall on Friday, November 2 nd . The Forum is a biennial program established to underscore the importance of studying and sharing local history. Greetings from New Jersey will consider the impact of music, television, foodways, design, and film on the state, kicking-off with an opening keynote talk by Bob Santelli, founding director of the Grammy Museum and author of Greetings from E Street: The Story of Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band and The Big Beat Conversations with Rock’s Great Drummers , co-authored with E Street Band’s Max Weinberg. The talk will be moderated by Dr. Louis Masur, Distinguished Professor of American Studies and History at Rutgers University – New Brunswick. Over lunch, attendees will be joined by actor Ian Kahn, who portrayed George Washington in the AMC hit series Turn , Sandy Mackenzie Lloyd, historian at Historic Philadelphia Inc., and Dr. Erica Armstrong Dunbar, historian and author of Never Caught: The Washingtons’ Relentless Pursuit of Their Runaway Slave, Ona Judge , for a discussion about the history of the American Revolution in popular culture. Presentations and workshops throughout the day will feature topics in New Jersey popular culture history such as the new Bruce Springsteen Archives and Center for American Music, teaching with Thomas Edison, how the state has shaped American television, and so much more. “From The Perils of Pauline to War of the Worlds , Count Basie, and The Sopranos , New Jersey has undeniably made its mark on popular culture in the United States and around the world. We are excited to explore and honor this history at the 2018 Forum,” said Historical Commission Executive Director Sara Cureton. Registration and a preliminary program can be accessed by visiting History.NJ.gov and checking out the 2018 Forum webpage. A discounted early bird registration rate is now available through October 9, 2018. About the New Jersey Historical Commission The New Jersey Historical Commission (NJHC) is a state agency dedicated to the advancement of public knowledge and preservation of New Jersey history. Established by law in 1967, its work is founded on the fundamental belief that an understanding of our shared heritage is essential to sustaining a cohesive and robust democracy. History.NJ.gov Facebook Twitter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate