Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2024-0305.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - March 5, 2024 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NEW JERSEY DIVISION OF ELECTIONS AND COUNTY ELECTION OFFICES SEEK POLL WORKERS FOR 2024 PRIMARY ELECTION TRENTON, NJ, March 5, 2024 – New Jersey residents who’d like to earn extra money while serving their community can now apply to be a poll worker for the upcoming Tuesday, June 4, 2024 Primary Election and early voting period. The New Jersey Division of Elections is partnering with New Jersey counties across the state to appeal to residents, who can earn $21.43 per hour on in-person early voting days and $300 on Primary Election Day as poll workers. “Poll workers play a vital role in our election process. Each year, we need our New Jersey citizens to be a part of our great democracy to serve their community and our state by working at a polling location,” said New Jersey Lieutenant Governor Tahesha Way. “Poll workers help our elections run smoothly, ensuring that every eligible voter can cast their vote during early voting or on Election Day.” “New Jersey counties are currently recruiting poll workers to staff polling locations for the 2024 Primary Election,” said Acting Director of the Division of Elections Donna Barber. “Across our state, we will need thousands of New Jersey citizens to serve as poll workers. It’s a great way to earn money while serving your community.” Citizens are encouraged to submit an application through Pollworker.NJ.Gov . Possible work dates for the Primary Election include: In-person Early Voting Period: Wednesday, May 29 – Sunday, June 2, 2024 Primary Election Day: Tuesday, June 4, 2024 You can apply to serve as a poll worker in New Jersey if you meet the following requirements: Are a United States citizen and a resident of New Jersey. Are a registered voter in the county in which you reside. Are at least 16 years of age. College and high school students are encouraged to apply (those under 18 years of age will work limited hours per shift and do not have to be registered to vote. Contact your County Board of Elections for further information). Are not running as a candidate in this election. Apply now at Pollworker.NJ.Gov . For full details on the upcoming Primary Election, visit Vote.NJ.Gov , contact local election officials, or call the Voter Information and Assistance Line at 1-877-NJ-Voter (1-877-658-6837). Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate