Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/dos-statutes-elections-19-50-59.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Statutes & Rules - Division of Elections, 19-50-59 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statutes & Rules Division of Elections In January 2014, the Governor signed into law P.L. 2013, c. 259 . Pursuant to that statute the Department of State provides the following Laws and Regulations as a service to our users. The Laws and Regulations displayed here have been copied from: NJ Statutes Annotated (NJSA) NJ Administrative Code (NJAC) Executive Orders Index Please refer to the above links for the most recent updates. Page Updated Statutes 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:1-1 - 19:9-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:10-1 - 19:19-17 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:20-1 - 19:29-14 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:31-1 - 19:37-5 06/13/23 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:44A-1 - 19:49-5 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:50-1 - 19:59-16 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:60-1 - 19:63-28 02/03/23 NJSA Title 39 - Motor Vehicles and Traffic Regulation (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40 - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/17/24 NJSA Title 40A - Municipalities and Counties (Pertaining to Elections) 01/24/23 NJAC Title 15: Subchapter 10 - Elections Electronic Poll Book Rules, Special Adopted New Rules: N.J.A.C. 15:10-7 02/03/23 NJSA Title 52 - State Government, Departments and Officers (Pertaining to Elections) Last updated: 01/17/24 NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:50 NJSA 19:50-1 Instructional sessions for district board members 19:50-1. a. Within 30 days before each election, the county board of elections shall cause new members of the district boards who are to serve in election districts to be instructed in the conduct of elections, and in their duties in connection therewith. All district board members shall be required to attend said instructional sessions for each election at least once every two years. The instructional sessions shall be conducted in person except that instructional sessions may be offered remotely, by electronic means, to any district board member who has completed the instructional session within the last four years and provided that the county board of elections shall implement procedures to conduct such remote sessions. Such procedures shall be approved by the Secretary of State and reviewed and approved once every two years. The county board of elections shall cause to be given to each member of each district board who has received such instruction and is fully qualified to properly conduct the election, a certificate to that effect. For the purpose of giving such instruction the county board of elections shall call such meeting or meetings of the district boards as shall be necessary. The content of said meeting or meetings shall be limited solely to the instruction of district board members; lobbying or the advancement of political ends shall be prohibited. The members of the district board of each election district shall attend such meeting or meetings as shall be called for the purpose of receiving such instruction concerning their duties as shall be necessary for the proper conduct of the election. No member of any district board shall serve in any election unless the member shall have received such instruction as herein provided and is fully qualified to perform the duties in connection with the election, and has received a certificate to that effect from the county board of elections; but this shall not prevent the appointment of a person as a member of the district board to fill a vacancy in an emergency, as now provided by law. In addition to the foregoing, the county board of elections shall design, prepare and distribute training manuals for district board members, pursuant to guidelines established by the Secretary of State. The county board of elections shall also make the training manual available on its Internet site and on the Internet site of the Division of Elections in the Department of State. b. The Secretary of State shall establish guidelines for the design of training manuals for members of district boards of election, and shall design, prepare and distribute training manuals for members of county boards of election, and county clerks. The Secretary of State shall also make training manuals available on the Internet site of the Division of Elections. Amended 1945, c.56, s.5; 1947, c.78; 1987, c.151, s.3; 2005, c.151, s.2; 2022, c.71, s.2. NJSA 19:50-2 Instruction in use of voting machines; availability a. For the first four successive general elections after the adoption of a new type of voting machine in a county, the county board of elections or the superintendent of elections, as the case may be, having custody of voting machines, shall designate suitable and adequate times and places where voting machines containing sample ballots showing titles of offices to be filled, and, so far as practicable, the names of candidates to be voted for at the next election, shall be exhibited for the purpose of giving instructions in the use of voting machines. No voting machine to be assigned for use in an election shall be used for such instruction after having been prepared and sealed for the election. During public exhibition of any voting machine for the instruction of voters previous to an election, the counting mechanism thereof shall be concealed from view and the doors may be temporarily opened only when authorized by such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be. b. The county board of elections shall design, prepare and make available to voters instructions on the proper operation of the voting machine used in the county. The instructions may be conveyed on cards, computer software, pamphlets, posters, video or such other media as the county board deems appropriate, subject to the guidelines set forth by the Attorney General. The instructions shall also be made available on the official Internet site of the Division of Elections in the Department of Law and Public Safety and the county board of elections shall provide a link to such instructions on its official Internet site. The Attorney General shall establish guidelines for the design of instructions for the proper operation of voting machines used in this State. The provisions of this subsection shall be in addition to any other provision for voter instruction required by law. Amended 1942, c.106; 1945, c.56, s.6; 2005, c.151, s.3. NJSA 19:50-3 Voting machine model; voter assistance For instructing the voters on any election day there shall, so far as practicable, be provided by the county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, having custody of voting machines, for each polling place a mechanically operated model of a portion of the face of the machine. Such model, if furnished, shall, during the election, be located on the district election officers' table or in some other place which the voters must pass to reach the machine, and each voter shall, before entering the voting machine booth, be instructed regarding the operation of the machine and such instruction illustrated on the model, and the voter given opportunity to personally operate the modeL. The voter's attention shall also be called to the diagram of the face of the machine so that the voter can become familiar with the location of the questions and the names of the officers and candidates. If any voter, before entering the voting machine booth, declares under oath, and establishes to the satisfaction of a majority of all the members of the district board that by reason of an inability to read or write, blindness or other physical disability he is unable to cast his vote without assistance, he shall have the assistance of two members of the board of opposite political faith, to be assigned by the board. Such members shall retire with such voter to the booth and assist him. The member acting as clerk of the district board shall make an entry on a disability certificate for assistance, which entry shall be on the form of an oath inserted in the front of the duplicate registry binders at each election. In every instance when such oath is administered to a voter as herein provided, it shall state briefly what facts were sworn to and the names of the members of the board who aided such voter shall be signed on the form. Any members of the district board shall be eligible to assist any such voter, but no other person except as hereinafter provided shall be allowed to assist him. No member of the board shall reveal the name of any person for whom such voter has voted or anything that took place while he was being assisted. Such voter, if blind, disabled or unable to read or write, may, in lieu of the assistance of the board as above provided, have assistance of some person of his own selection. Such person shall retire with such voter to the booth and assist him in voting. The name and address of such person shall be recorded as above. In such case, no other person than the one so selected by the voter shall be allowed to assist such voter. No person so selected shall reveal the name of any person for whom such voter has voted or anything that took place while he was being assisted. The disability certificates shall be numbered serially 1 to 20. The commissioner of registration shall furnish sufficient disability certificates for assistance for each election district in his county which shall be inserted in the front of the duplicate registry binders. Amended by L. 1944, c. 128, p. 353, s. 1; L. 1945, c. 56, p. 327, s. 7; L. 1957, c. 15, p. 33, s. 1; L. 1977, c. 304, s. 1, eff. Dec. 27, 1977; L. 1985, c. 20, s. 2, eff. Jan. 25, 1985. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:52 NJSA 19:52-1 Preparation of polling places The district boards of each election district shall meet at the polling place three-quarters of an hour before the time set for opening of the polls at each election and shall proceed to arrange the furniture, stationery and voting machine or machines for the conduct of the election. The district boards shall then and there have the voting machine, ballots and stationery required to be delivered to them for such election by the officials charged by law with that duty. The keys to the voting machine shall be delivered to the district election officers in any manner that the county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, having custody of voting machines, may determine, at least three-quarters of an hour before the time set for opening the polls, in a sealed envelope, on which shall be written or printed the number and location of the voting machine, the number of the seal with which it is sealed, the number of the green seal with which the emergency ballot box is sealed, and the number registered on the protective counter or device, as reported by the custodian. The envelope containing the keys shall not be opened until at least two members of the board who are not members of the same political party shall be present at the polling place and shall have examined the envelope to see that it has not been opened. Before opening the envelope all election officers present shall examine the number on the seal on the machine and the number registered on the protective counter, and shall ascertain if they are the same as the numbers written on the envelope; and if they are not the same, the machine must not be opened until such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, after due notice of such discrepancy, shall have caused such machine to be re-examined and properly arranged by any person or persons employed or appointed pursuant to R.S.19:48-6. If the numbers on the voting machine seal and the protective counter are found to agree with the numbers on the envelope, the district election officers shall proceed to open the doors concealing the counters, and each district election officer shall carefully examine every counter and ascertain whether or not it registers zero (000), and the same shall be subject to the inspection of official watchers. In addition, each district election officer shall carefully examine the emergency ballot box to ascertain whether or not it is properly sealed with a numbered green seal and examine the number to ascertain if it is the same as the number written on the voting machine key envelope. If the numbers are not the same, the county board of elections, the superintendent of elections, or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, shall be notified of the discrepancy. The machine shall remain locked against voting until the polls are formally opened and shall not be operated except by voters in voting. If any counter is found not to register zero (000) the district board shall immediately notify such county board of elections or such superintendent of elections or such municipal clerk, as the case may be, who shall, if practicable, cause such counter to be adjusted at zero (000) by any person or persons employed or appointed pursuant to R.S.19:48-6. If it shall be impracticable for such person or persons to arrive in time to so adjust such counter before the time set for opening the polls, the district election officers shall immediately make a written statement of the designating letter and number of such counter, together with the number registered thereon, and shall sign and post same upon the wall of the polling room, where it shall remain throughout election day, and in filling out the statement of canvass, they shall subtract such number from the number registered thereon at the close of the polls. Each district election officer shall carefully examine the provisional ballot bag to ascertain that it is properly sealed with a numbered security seal and whether it has been subjected to tampering. If the elections officer discovers evidence of tampering, the county board of elections, the superintendent of elections, or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, shall be so notified immediately. Amended 1945, c.56, s.9; 1992, c.3, s.8; 1996, c.120, s.7; 1999,c.232,s.6. NJSA 19:52-2 Location of voting machines At all elections where voting machines may be used, the arrangement of the polling room shall be generally the same as is now provided for by law; the exterior of the voting machine and every part of the polling room shall be in plain view of the election officers; the voting machine shall be placed at least three feet from every wall or partition of the polling room and at least four feet from any table where any of the district election officers may be engaged or seated. The voting machine shall be so placed that the ballots on the face of the machine can be plainly seen by the election officers and the party watchers when not in use by voters. The election officers shall not themselves be, or permit any other person to be, in any position or near any position that will permit one to see or ascertain how a voter votes, or how he has voted. The district election officer attending the machine shall inspect the face of the machine after each voter has cast his vote, to see that the ballots on the face of the machine are in their proper places and have not been mutilated or defaced and that the machine has not been damaged. During elections the door or other covering of the counter compartment of the machine shall not be unlocked or open, or the counters exposed. No person shall be permitted in or about the polling room except as now permitted by law in elections where ballots and ballot boxes are used. NJSA 19:52-2.1 Voting authorities; use, stringing 1. In all counties wherein voting machines are used the county board of elections shall furnish for use in each election district at any election, a sufficient number of voting authorities in substantially the following form: City of City of Ward District Ward District Election Held Election Held ...... day of............ 20... ........ day of............. 20.... Voting Authority Voting Authority No................ No.................. ............................... Signature of Voter...................................... This certificate must be handed to the election officer in charge of the voting machines in order to vote. .................................... County Board of Elections Clerk. The voting authorities shall be numbered consecutively, be bound together in pads and shall be printed in two parts and perforated so that one part may be given to the voter who shall return the same to the district election officials in charge of the operation of the voting machine in order that such official shall be able to place the same in consecutive order on a string or wire. The other part of the voting authority shall be signed by the voter in his own handwriting before he be permitted to vote and shall remain bound in the pad. All pads containing the portions of the voting authorities on which the names of the persons who have voted have been signed, together with that portion of the voting authority which has been placed on a wire or string shall be returned to the commissioner of registration of the county, who shall keep them for a period of at least six months. At any primary election for the general election, each voting authority shall be marked to indicate the party primary in which the voter signing the same voted and the used voting authorities shall be strung in such a manner so that those used in one party primary shall remain separate from those used in the other party primary. L.1944, c.213, s.1; amended 1992, c.3, s.9; 2005, c.136, s.49; 2011, c.134, s.46. NJSA 19:52-2.2 Effective date This act shall take effect July first, one thousand nine hundred and forty-four. L.1944, c. 213, p. 752, s. 2. NJSA 19:52-3 Time allowed a voter Where a voter presents himself for the purpose of voting, the election officer shall follow the procedure as now required by this title regarding the eligibility of a person to vote. If such eligibility is established, one of the district election officers shall announce the name of the voter and permit him to pass to the booth of the voting machine for the purpose of casting his vote. No voter shall remain in the voting machine booth longer than two minutes, and having cast his vote the voter shall at once emerge therefrom and leave the polling room; if he shall refuse to leave after the lapse of two minutes he shall be removed by the district election officers. Such election officers shall ascertain the name and address of each voter in the manner now provided by law before he enters the voting machine booth for the purpose of voting. No voter after having entered and emerged from the voting machine booth shall be permitted to reenter the same on any pretext whatever. Only one voter at a time shall be permitted in the voting machine booth to vote. However, a voter shall be permitted to be accompanied into the voting machine booth by a dependent child. Amended 1994,c.154,s.2. NJSA 19:52-3.1 Display of notice of official count of voters 1. a. On the day of each primary and general election, the district boards of election at each polling place shall create and publicly display a notice containing an unofficial count of the cumulative number of voters who have voted at each election district, indicating the number of voters who have voted at the election district using a voting machine or voting equipment and the number of voters who have voted using a provisional ballot. The first notice shall be produced two hours from the opening of the polls and updated every two hours thereafter until the time the polls close. b. (1) By 11:59 p.m. on the day of each primary and general election, and by 9 p.m. of every day thereafter until all eligible ballots have been counted and the election is certified, each county clerk, in consultation with the county board of elections of that county, shall list in an easily accessible location on the county clerk's Internet site an unofficial report detailing the number and types of ballots that have been received and, to the extent practicable, the number and types of ballots that have been counted and that remain to be counted in that election. The reports required by this subsection shall include a date and time stamp designating the date and time of each report, except that nothing in this subsection shall be interpreted to require the county board of elections in each county to conduct the count of ballots on a daily basis. Each report shall detail, at the legislative district, municipal, and county levels, the following categories of information: (a) for the in-person early voting period, the number of early voting machines or voting equipment deployed, the number of early voting machines or voting equipment not included in the tally, and the total number of votes cast during the early voting period; (b) for the election day vote, the number of election day voting machines or voting equipment deployed, the number of election day voting machines or voting equipment not included in the tally, and the total number of votes cast in person on election day; and (c) for the vote-by-mail vote, the number of vote-by-mail ballots that have been issued and received into the Statewide Voter Registration System, as well as the vote-by-mail ballots that have been tallied and that remain to be processed. (2) Each county clerk, in consultation with the county board of elections of that county, shall send to the Secretary of State the reports required to be created and posted pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection at the time of each posting. Upon receiving each report, the Secretary of State shall provide in an easily identifiable location on the Internet site of the Division of Elections access to the county by county totals for each category included in the reports. The county by county totals required to be created and posted under this paragraph shall include a date and time stamp designating the date and time of the posting. (3) With each report and posting required pursuant to this subsection, each county clerk and the Division of Elections shall note on their respective Internet sites that the reports and postings are unofficial and subject to change as each county clerk and county board of elections, as appropriate, receive and process ballots that have been cast in the election. The unofficial tally of election results and the daily reports shall not be interpreted to serve as the legal basis for the contest of any election. The Secretary of State, in consultation with county clerks and county boards of elections, shall promulgate uniform guidelines for all county clerks to follow in creating the reports and postings required by this subsection. In addition to the uniform guidelines, the Secretary of State shall develop a template for standardized reporting for all counties to follow. (4) (a) On the day after each primary and general election, and by 9 p.m. of every day thereafter, each county clerk, in consultation with the commissioner of registration and the county board of elections of that county, shall list in an easily identifiable location on the county clerk's Internet site an unofficial report of the total number of provisional ballots cast during the early voting period and on election day, which unofficial report shall be generated using the electronic poll book software. (b) Beginning on the seventh day after each primary and general election, each county clerk, in consultation with the commissioner of registration and the county board of elections of that county, shall list in an easily identifiable location on the county clerk's Internet site an unofficial report detailing the number of eligible provisional ballots that have been received. The reporting required by this subparagraph shall be updated by 9 p.m. on the date of such report and by 9 p.m. every day thereafter with the number of eligible provisional ballots that have been counted until all eligible provisional ballots have been counted and the election is certified. L.2018, c.110, s.1; amended 2023, c.131, s.1. NJSA 19:52-4 Blind or physically disabled voters The provisions of this title relating to the assistance to be given to blind or physically disabled voters shall apply also where voting machines are used, and the word "booth" , when used in such provisions, shall include the voting machine inclosure or curtain. NJSA 19:52-5 Locking, sealing of voting machine; reading, announcement of votes Immediately upon the close of the polls, the district election officers shall lock and seal the voting machine against further voting and open the counter compartment in the presence of persons who may be lawfully present at that time, giving full view of the counters. The judge of the district board, under the scrutiny of a member of such board who is not a member of the same political party as the judge, shall then in the order of the offices as their titles are arranged on the machine, read and announce in distinct tones the result as shown by the counters, and shall then read the votes recorded for each office on the irregular ballots. He shall also, in the same manner, read and announce the vote on each constitutional amendment, proposition or other question. As each vote is read and announced, it shall be recorded in two statements of canvass by two other members of such district board who are not members of the same political party, and when completed the record thereof shall be compared with the numbers on the counters of the machine. If found to be correct, the result shall be announced by the judge of such board and the statement of canvass, after being duly certified, shall be filed as now provided by law for filing election returns. After the reading and announcing of the vote and before the doors of the counter compartment of the voting machine shall be closed, ample opportunity shall be given to any person or persons lawfully present to compare the results so announced with the counters of the machine and any necessary corrections shall then and there be made by such district board. No tally sheets nor return blanks as required by law for use in election districts where paper ballots are used shall be furnished or used in election districts where voting machines are used, but in lieu thereof there shall be furnished two copies of a statement of canvass to conform to the requirements of the make and type of voting machine or machines being used. Amended 1996, c.120, s.8. NJSA 19:52-6 Locking machine, rechecking, cost, deposit; irregular ballots, disposition. For voting machines that are exempted by paragraph (2) of subsection b. of R.S.19:48-1, the district election officers shall, as soon as the count is completed and fully ascertained, as by this subtitle required, lock the counter compartment and it shall so remain for a period of 13 days, except it be opened by order of a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county. Within such period and upon written request of any defeated candidate, or in the case where a public question is involved upon petition of any 10 qualified voters of a county or municipality using machines who voted in the election in question, the judge shall, at a cost of $2.00 per district to the candidate or petitioners, order the machines in question opened and the registering counters rechecked against the election officers' returns. Any candidate or petitioners requesting such recheck, shall deposit with the county clerk, the amount necessary for all the districts requested. The county clerk, if it appears that an error or errors have occurred as a result of which the election is changed or the difference between the negative and affirmative of any public question is altered so as to change the results of the election, shall upon the warrant of such judge of the Superior Court, pay to such candidate or petitioners the cost of such recheck. In the event it shall appear after such recheck that the results of the election remain unchanged, the county clerk shall, upon the warrant of such judge, pay the funds so deposited into the county treasury. Such recheck shall be made under the supervision of the county election officials and in co-operation with the parties at interest or their representatives. When irregular ballots of whatever description have been voted, the district election officers shall return all such ballots in a properly secured package indorsed "irregular ballots" and return and file such package with the municipal clerk at the same time the original statement of the results of the election made by them is filed. Such package shall be preserved for 6 months next succeeding such election, and it shall not be opened or its contents examined during that time except by the order of a judge of a court lawfully empowered to direct the same to be opened and examined. At the end of the 6 months, such packages may be opened and the ballots disposed of at the discretion of the official having charge thereof. Amended by L.1942, c. 56, p. 293, s. 1; L.1943, c. 80, p. 298, s. 1; L.1953, c. 19 , p. 356, s. 59; L.1955, c. 260, p. 950, s. 1; 2023, c.124, s.9. NJSA 19:52-6.1 Manner of rechecking machines Whenever a judge of the Superior Court assigned to a county enters an order for the recheck of any voting machines the county board of elections of such county shall conduct such recheck in co-operation with the county clerk, the commissioner of registration and in counties having a superintendent of election in co-operation with him, which recheck shall be commenced within 5 days of the entry of such order unless otherwise ordered by the judge and conducted in the following manner: (1) The county board shall ascertain from the defeated candidate or from the petitioners, as the case may be, which districts shall be rechecked and the order in which they shall be rechecked, and upon receiving such information shall conduct the recheck in conformity thereto. If more than one candidate or set of petitioners has requested a recheck and are unable to agree upon the order in which the districts are to be rechecked, such order shall be determined by the judge. (2) The superintendent of elections in counties having superintendents of election and the county board in all other counties shall remove the padded cover, remove the impounding seal, if any, and unlock the padlock on the metal cover and where necessary raise all voting machines which are to be rechecked before the recheck is actually commenced. (3) The superintendent of elections in counties having a superintendent of elections and the county board in all other counties shall then proceed to open the counter compartment of each voting machine as the same is rechecked, but in no event shall the counter compartment of more than 1 voting machine be opened at the same time unless it shall be agreed to do so by the county board of elections and a majority of the candidates whose nomination or election may be affected by the outcome of the recheck, and who are present or represented at the recheck, or in the case that the votes cast for or against a public question are to be rechecked then, by agreement between the county board of elections and a representative of the proponents and opponents of the public question. (4) The county board of elections shall then check the number of votes cast for each candidate, or in the event a public question is involved for or against such public question and announce the number of votes cast for each candidate named in the order or for or against a public question as found on the registering counters and record the same on tally sheets prepared for that purpose. (5) Whenever a recheck is to be held, the county clerk or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, shall, upon demand by the county board of elections or any candidate whose interests may be affected by the recheck, produce at the time and place of the recheck the official statements containing the results of the election as certified by the various district boards and filed with such officers. The county board of elections shall then recheck the registering counters on the machines with the official statements as returned by the various district boards. (6) After the recheck is completed the county board in co-operation with the county check or municipal clerk, as the case may be, shall make a comparison of the tally sheets of the county clerk or municipal clerk showing the results of his official canvass with the tally sheets prepared by the county board in making the recheck. (7) Whenever any discrepancies shall appear as the same are set forth on such tally sheets such discrepancies shall be noted and upon completion of the comparison a report and certification shall be filed with the court wherein the order for the recheck originated, which report shall set forth in full just what discrepancies have been found in the county clerk's or municipal clerk's official canvass. (8) Nothing in this chapter shall be construed to mean that a defeated candidate or in the case of a public question the petitioners cannot abandon the recheck at any time during the progress thereof and receive back the deposit made with the county clerk for the districts which remain unchecked. (9) In the event it should appear during the course of the recheck that there has been a sufficient change in the tally of votes cast which would affect the result of the election, any candidate who appears then to be defeated, or in the event of a public question the parties in interest whose interest may be affected adversely may, within 7 days, apply to a judge of the Superior Court assigned to the county and receive an order to continue the recheck in his behalf upon the same terms and conditions under which the original recheck was held. L.1955, c. 260, p. 951, s. 2. NJSA 19:52-7 Disposition of keys The keys of each voting machine shall be inclosed in an envelope to be supplied by the county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, having custody of voting machines, on which shall be written the number of the machine and the district and ward where it has been used, which envelope shall be securely sealed and indorsed by the district election officers, and shall be returned to the source from which the keys were received. The number on the seal and the number registered on the protective counter shall be written on the envelope containing the keys. All keys for any voting machine shall be kept securely by the officials having them in charge. No unauthorized person shall have in his possession any key or keys of any voting machine and all district election officers or persons intrusted with such keys for election purposes, or in the preparation of the machine therefor, shall not retain them longer than necessary to use them for such legal purpose. All machines shall be stored by the county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, having custody of voting machines, as soon after the close of the election as possible, and the machines shall at all times be stored in a suitable place, which place shall be a fireproof public building in such counties or municipalities, as the case may be, as have same. Amended by L.1945, c. 56, p. 331, s. 10. NJSA 19:52-8 Voter security, paper ballots, privacy sleeves, screens, shield, curtain 1. In a manner consistent with the requirement for voting machines to secure the voter's secrecy in the act of voting as required under R.S.19:48-1, and for electronic voting systems to provide for the secrecy of a voter's vote under sections 3 and 6 of P.L.1973, c.82 (C.19:53A-3 and C.19:53A-6): a. In all counties wherein voters use hand-marked paper ballots to cast the voter's vote, a privacy sleeve into which the voted ballot can be inserted and fully shielded from view shall be provided to the voter. b. In all counties wherein ballot scanning machines are used to cast hand-marked paper ballots, the county shall ensure that privacy is maintained as the voter inserts the voted ballot into the ballot scanning machine. c. In all counties wherein voters use a direct recording electronic voting machine to cast the voter's vote, the direct recording electronic voting machine shall contain a privacy screen, shield, or curtain so that privacy is maintained as the voter casts the voter's vote. L.2022, c.67, s.1. NJSA 19:52-9 Certification, primary, general election, county clerk, list, easily identifiable location, Internet site, district-level results. 2. a. Upon the certification of the results of a primary or general election, each county clerk, in consultation with the commissioner of registration and the county board of elections of that county, shall list in an easily identifiable location on the county clerk's Internet site the district-level results for the in-person early voting period, the election day vote, and the vote-by-mail vote. b. Whenever the reporting requirements of this subsection or section 1 of P.L.2018, c.110 (C.19:52-3.1) would cause a voter's privacy to be violated, the election results shall be reported in a manner that maintains the privacy of the vote, provided that the election results posted on the respective websites shall contain a disclosure stating that the results reported for some individual districts reflect measures to protect the privacy of the vote while the general tally accurately reflects the results. L.2023, c.131, s.2. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:53 NJSA 19:53-1 Unauthorized possession of equipment, tampering, etc., crime Any unauthorized person found in possession of any such voting machine in use or to be used in any election, or keys thereof, shall be guilty of a crime of the fourth degree. Any person willfully tampering or attempting to tamper with, disarrange, deface or impair in any manner whatsoever, or destroy any such voting machine while the same is in use at any election, or who shall, after such machine is locked in order to preserve the registration or record of any election made by the same, tamper or attempt to tamper with any such voting machine, shall be guilty of a crime of the third degree. Amended 2005, c.154, s.53. NJSA 19:53A-1 Definitions As used in this act, unless otherwise specified: a. " Automatic Tabulating Equipment " includes apparatus which automatically examines and counts votes recorded on ballot cards, and tabulates the results. b. " Ballot Card " means a tabulating card on which votes may be recorded. c. " Ballot Labels " means the pages, cards, or other material containing the names of offices and candidates and the statements of measures to be voted on, which are placed on the voting device. d. " Counting Center " means one or more locations selected by each of the county boards of election for the automatic counting of ballots. e. " Electronic Voting System " means a system in which votes are recorded on ballot cards, and such votes are subsequently counted and tabulated by automatic tabulating equipment at one or more counting centers. f. " Voting Device " means an apparatus which the voter uses to record his votes on a tabulating card. g. " County Boards of Elections " shall mean the county board of elections appointed in the various counties or the person or board in charge of elections in the various counties as provided in Title 19 of the New Jersey Revised Statutes. L.1973, c. 82, s. 1, eff. April 12, 1973. NJSA 19:53A-2 Use of electronic voting systems; devices, certain, prohibited 2. a. The board of chosen freeholders of any county may adopt, acquire by purchase, lease, or otherwise, or abandon any electronic voting system or mechanical system authorized herein which has been approved for use in the State, in any election or primary or combination thereof, and may use such system in all or a part of the districts within its boundaries. The county authorities, on the adoption and acquisition of an electronic voting system, shall provide for the payment therefor in such manner as they deem for the best interest of the locality, in such manner as may be provided by law. b. The provisions of this act shall be controlling with respect to elections where electronic voting systems are used, and shall be liberally construed so as to carry out the purpose and intent of this act. Any provisions of law relating to the conduct of elections which conflict with this act shall not apply to the conduct of elections with an approved electronic voting system. c. Following the effective date of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-1 et al.), an electronic voting system that uses a voting device requiring the voter to punch out a hole in a ballot card or pull a mechanical lever as a means of recording the voter's vote shall not be used in any election in any district within this State. L.1973,c.82,s.2; amended 2004, c.88, s.17. NJSA 19:53A-3 Requirements of electronic voting systems 3. Every electronic voting system, consisting of a voting device in combination with automatic tabulating equipment, acquired or used in accordance with this act, shall: a. Provide for voting in secrecy, except in the case of voters who have received assistance as provided by law; b. Permit each voter to vote at any election for all persons and offices for whom and for which he is lawfully entitled to vote; to vote for or against any question upon which he is entitled to vote; and the automatic tabulating equipment shall reject choices recorded on his ballot if the number of choices exceeds the number which he is entitled to vote for the office or on the measure; c. Permit each voter, at presidential elections, by one mark to vote for the candidates of that party for president, vice president, and their presidential electors; d. Permit each voter, at other than primary elections, to vote for the nominees of one or more parties and for independent candidates; and personal choice or write-in candidates; e. Permit each voter in primary elections to vote for candidates in the party primary in which he is qualified to vote, and the automatic tabulating equipment shall reject any votes cast for candidates of another party; f. Prevent the voter from voting for the same person more than once for the same office; g. Be suitably designed for the purpose used, of durable construction, and may be used safely, efficiently, and accurately in the conduct of elections and counting ballots; h. When properly operated, record correctly and count accurately every vote cast, including all overvotes or undervotes and all affirmative votes or negative votes on all public questions or referenda; i. (1) By January 1, 2009, each voting machine shall produce an individual permanent paper record for each vote cast, which shall be made available for inspection and verification by the voter at the time the vote is cast, and preserved for later use in any manual audit. In the event of a recount of the results of an election, the voter-verified paper record shall be the official tally in that election. A waiver of the provisions of this subsection shall be granted by the Secretary of State if the technology to produce a permanent voter-verified paper record for each vote cast is not commercially available. (2) The provisions of paragraph (1) of this subsection shall be suspended until: (i) the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer certify in writing that sufficient funds have been provided by the federal government and received by the State to offset the entire cost of ensuring that each voting machine used in this State produces an individual permanent paper record for each vote cast; or (ii) the annual appropriation act contains an appropriation of sufficient funds to ensure that each voting machine used in this State produces an individual permanent paper record for each vote cast and such appropriated funds have not been reserved by the Governor under a spending reduction plan; or (iii) the Secretary of State and the State Treasurer certify in writing that sufficient funds have been provided by the federal government and received by the State, and the annual appropriation act contains an appropriation of sufficient unreserved funds, to ensure, when such funds are combined, that each voting machine used in this State produces an individual paper record for each vote cast. L.1973, c.82, s.3; amended 2004, c.88, s.18; 2005, c.137, s.2; 2007, c.301, s.2; 2008, c.18, s.2; 2009, c.17, s.2. NJSA 19:53A-3.1 Reimbursement for purchase, retrofit of voting machine to produce paper record, provision suspended until certain conditions met 3. Unless federal funding is made available to pay for the purchase or retrofit of a voting machine to produce a voter-verified paper record as required by P.L.2005, c.137 (C.19:53A-3.1 et al.), a county shall be reimbursed by the State for such costs upon application for reimbursement to the Attorney General and approval of the application by the Director of the Division of Budget and Accounting in the Department of the Treasury, in accordance with the provisions of Article VIII, Section II, paragraph 5 of the New Jersey Constitution. This provision shall be suspended until the conditions set forth in paragraph (2) of subsection b. of R.S.19:48-1 or paragraph (2) of subsection i. of section 3 of P.L.1973, c.82 (C.19:53A-3) have been met. L.2005, c.137, s.3; amended 2009, c.17, s.3. NJSA 19:53A-4 Approval No voting device shall be used in an election in this State unless in combination with automatic tabulating equipment used to count and tabulate ballots it meets the requirements in section 3 of this act, and has been approved by the Secretary of State, or other person, agency or board charged with the examination and approval of voting machines. When such device has been approved, any improvement or change which does not impair its accuracy, efficiency, or ability to meet such requirements shall not require a reexamination or reapproval thereof. L.1973, c. 82, s. 4, eff. April 12, 1973. NJSA 19:53A-5 Ballots; labels, form; samples; write-ins 5. a. Ballot labels shall be in plain clear type in black, of such size and arrangement as to fit the construction of the voting device; they shall be on clear white material or on material of different colors to identify different ballots or parts of the ballot, and in primary elections to identify each political party. b. The titles of offices and the names of candidates may be arranged in vertical columns or in a series of separate pages. The office title with a statement of the number of candidates to be voted for shall be printed above or at the side of the names of the candidates for that office. The names of candidates shall be in the order provided by law, and in general elections the party designation of each candidate, which may be abbreviated, and a slogan not to exceed six words may follow his or her name. In case there are more candidates for an office than can be arranged in one column or on one ballot page, the ballot label shall be clearly marked that the list of candidates is continued on the following column or page, and so far as possible, the same number of names shall be arranged on each column or page. Arrows may be used to indicate the place to vote for each candidate and on each measure. c. The different parts of the ballot, such as partisan, nonpartisan, and measures, shall be prominently indicated on the ballot labels, and, if practicable, each part shall be placed on a separate page or pages. In the event that two or more elections are held on the same day, the ballot labels shall be clearly marked to indicate the ballot for each election, and, if practical, the ballot labels for each election shall be placed upon separate pages, and labels of a different color or tint may be used for each election. d. Sample ballots, which shall be facsimile copies of the official ballot or ballot labels, shall be provided as required by law. At least three copies shall be posted in each polling place on election day. Sample ballots may be printed on a single sheet or on a number of pages stapled together. e. In elections in which voters are authorized to vote for persons whose names do not appear on the ballot, at the discretion of the county board of elections either (1) a separate write-in ballot, which may be in the form of a paper ballot, card or envelope in which the voter places his or her ballot card after voting, shall be provided to permit voters to write in the title of the office and the name of the person or persons for whom he or she wishes to vote, or to attach a sticker of suitable size on which is printed the title of the office and the name of the person or persons for whom he or she wishes to vote; or (2) provisions shall be made for the voter to write the name of the person or persons for whom he or she wishes to vote on the ballot card in the location designated and to mark the ballot card in the location provided. L.1973,c.82,s.5; amended 1975, c.316, s.4; 2004, c.88, s.19. NJSA 19:53A-6 Preparation for elections; ballot cards; secrecy while marking ballot 6. a. Prior to any election at which electronic voting devices are used the county board of elections shall have the voting devices prepared for the election and shall provide the district election officers with voting devices, voting booths, ballot boxes, ballot cards, "write-in" ballots and other records and supplies as required. b. Ballot cards shall be of the size, design and stock suitable for processing by automatic data processing machines. Each ballot card shall have an attached numbered perforated stub, which shall be removed by an election officer before it is deposited in the ballot box. In primary elections the ballot cards of each political party shall be distinctly marked or shall be of a different color or tint so that the ballot cards of each political party are readily distinguishable. c. Unless the voting device enables the voter to mark the voter's choices in secret, the board of elections shall provide a sufficient number of voting booths for each election district in a polling place, which shall be of a size and design in accordance with the provisions of R.S.19:8-7 so as to enable the voter to mark the voter's ballot in secret. L.1973, c. 82, s. 6, eff. April 12, 1973; amended 2022, c.67, s.8 NJSA 19:53A-7 Elections; conduct, report 7. a. Thirty minutes before the opening of the polls the local district election officers shall arrive at the polling place, place the voting devices in position for voting, and examine them to see that they have the correct ballot labels by comparing them with the sample ballots, and are in proper working order. They shall open and check the ballot cards, supplies, records and forms, and post the sample ballots and instructions to voters. b. Each voter requesting assistance shall be instructed how to operate the voting device before he enters the voting booth. If he needs additional instruction after entering the voting booth and requests assistance, two members of the district board who are not members of the same political party may if necessary enter the booth and give him additional instructions. c. The district election official attending the voting machine shall inspect the face of the machine and the ballot at least once per hour to see that the face of the machine and the ballot are in their proper place and that neither has been mutilated, defaced, tampered with or changed and that the machine has not been changed. d. After the voter has marked his ballot cards, he shall place the ballot card inside the envelope provided for this purpose and return it to the election officer, who shall remove the stub, place it on a file string, and deposit the envelope with the ballot card inside in the ballot box. No ballot card from which the stub has been detached shall be accepted by the election official in charge of the ballot box, but it shall be marked "Spoiled" and placed with the spoiled ballot cards. e. Any voter who spoils his ballot card may return it enclosed in the envelope and secure another. The word "Spoiled" shall be written across the face of the envelope, which shall be placed on the same string with the stubs. f. As soon as the polls have been closed and the last qualified voter has voted, all unused ballot cards shall be placed in a container and sealed for return to the board of elections. The ballot box shall be opened and any write-in votes counted, unless these votes are to be counted by duly appointed bipartisan tabulating teams at the counting center. Before write-in votes are counted they shall be compared with votes cast on the ballot card for the same office. If the voter has cast more votes for an office than he is entitled to vote for, the vote for that office shall be declared null and void and that vote shall not be counted for that office. Votes cast for duly nominated candidates on the ballot card will not be voided because of an invalid write-in vote, but if otherwise valid shall be counted. The voted ballot cards shall next be placed in the ballot card container for delivery to the counting center, and the voting devices shall be placed in their containers for returning to the county board of elections. g. The district board election officers shall prepare a report of the number of voters who have voted, as indicated by the poll list, the number of write-in votes and any other votes counted by the district board and the number of spoiled ballots, and shall place the original copy of this report in the ballot card container for delivery to the counting center, which thereupon shall be sealed so that no additional ballot cards may be deposited or removed. Such container shall be durably constructed so as to be resistant to fire, water and tampering. The duplicate copy of said report shall be returned to the county election board with other records. Two district election board officers who are not members of the same political party shall forthwith deliver the ballot card container to the counting center or other place designated by the county board. The county board may, in its discretion, direct that ballots be delivered to one or more collection points from which points the ballots shall be transported collectively to the counting center by two duly appointed deputies who are not members of the same political party. The district board shall receive a receipt before releasing the ballots to said deputies. L.1973,c.82,s.7; amended 1975, c.316, s.5; 1996, c.120, s.9. NJSA 19:53A-8 Counting of ballots; testing of equipment 8. a. Prior to the start of the count of the ballots, each county board of elections shall have the automatic tabulating equipment tested to ascertain that it will accurately count the votes cast for all offices and on all measures. Public notice of the time and place of the test shall be given at least 48 hours prior thereto by publication once in three or more daily or weekly newspapers published in the county or jurisdiction where such equipment is used, if a newspaper is published therein, otherwise in a newspaper of general circulation therein; said newspapers shall be selected so as to give the widest possible notice to the voters of said county and one of said newspapers shall be the newspaper or one of the newspapers in which legal notices of the county are required to be published. The test shall be conducted by processing a preaudited group of ballot cards so punched as to record a predetermined number of valid votes for each candidate and on each measure, and shall include for each office one or more ballots which have votes in excess of the number allowed by law in order to test the ability of the automatic tabulating equipment to reject such votes. In such test a different number of valid votes shall be assigned to each candidate for an office, and for and against each measure. If any error is detected, the cause therefor shall be ascertained and corrected and an errorless count shall be made and certified to by the county board of elections before the count is started. The tabulating equipment shall pass the same test at the conclusion of the count before the election returns are approved as official. On completion of the count, the programs, test materials, and ballot cards arranged by districts shall be sealed and retained as provided for paper ballots. b. All proceedings at the counting center shall be under the direction of the county board of elections or persons designated by it; there shall always be two persons in charge who shall not be members of the same political party; and all proceedings shall be conducted under the observation of the public, but no persons except those authorized for the purpose shall touch any ballot card or return. All persons who are engaged in processing and counting of the ballots shall be deputized and take an oath that they will faithfully perform their assigned duties. If any ballot card is damaged or defective so that it cannot properly be counted by the automatic tabulating equipment, a true duplicate copy shall be made and substituted for the damaged ballot card. All duplicate ballot cards shall be clearly labeled "duplicate," and shall bear a serial number which shall be recorded on the damaged or defective ballot card. The damaged or defective ballot card as well as the "duplicate" shall be preserved with the other ballot cards. During the count the election officer or board in charge may from time to time release unofficial returns. Upon completion of the count the official returns shall be open to the public. c. The return of the automatic tabulating equipment, to which have been added the write-in and absentee votes, shall, after being duly certified by the county board of elections, constitute the official return of each election district. d. If for any reason it becomes impracticable to count all or a part of the ballot cards with tabulating equipment, the county board of elections may direct that they be counted manually, following as far as practicable the provisions governing the counting of paper ballots contained in Title 19 of the Revised Statutes. L.1973,c.82,s.8; amended 1975, c.316, s.6; 1996, c.120, s.10. NJSA 19:53A-9 Absentee votes, permitted methods 9. Absentee votes may be cast on paper ballots or ballot cards, or both methods may be used, provided that, following the effective date of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-1 et al.), absentee votes shall not be cast in any election in this State by means of ballot cards that require the voter to punch out a hole in the card as a means of recording the voter's vote. Such ballots may be counted by automatic tabulating equipment or by special canvassing boards appointed by and under the direction of the county board of elections. A true copy of absentee paper ballots may be made on ballot cards, which after being duly verified, shall forthwith be counted in the same manner as other ballot cards, except that, following the effective date of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-1 et al.), ballot cards that require a hole to be punched out in the card to record a vote shall not be used in any election in this State. Such paper ballots and ballot cards shall be forthwith marked with corresponding numbers, which numbering shall be done in such manner as not to identify any voter and such marking shall not be considered to be a marked ballot. Such paper ballots and corresponding ballot cards shall both be preserved in the same manner as other ballot cards are required to be preserved hereunder. L.1973,c.82,s.9; amended 2004, c.88, s.20. NJSA 19:53A-10 Effect of overvote or misvote Any overvote or misvote for one or more offices shall not invalidate the entire ballot. L.1973, c. 82, s. 10, eff. April 12, 1973. NJSA 19:53A-11 Instruction of voters; model of device For instructing the voters on any election day there shall, so far as practicable, be provided by the county board of elections or the superintendent of elections or the municipal clerk, as the case may be, having custody of voting devices, for each polling place a mechanically operated model of at least a portion of the face of the device. Such model, if furnished, shall, during the election, be located on the district election board's table or in some other place which the voters must pass to reach the voting device, and each voter shall before entering the voting device booth or before voting, be instructed regarding the operation of the device and such instruction illustrated on the model, and the voter be given opportunity personally to operate the model. The voter's attention shall also be directed to the fact of the device and he shall have the ballot explained as to the location of the public questions or referendum, the location of the officers and the names of all candidates to be voted for. L.1973, c. 82, s. 11, eff. April 12, 1973. NJSA 19:53A-12 Challengers Challengers may be appointed in the same manner as provided in R.S. 19:7-1 et seq., for each counting center set up in each county and said challengers shall have the right to be present and represent the candidates or party appointing them during any time the counting center is open or operating whether for testing of equipment, programs, ballot cards or for counting the ballot cards or for any other purpose. L.1973, c. 82, s. 12, eff. April 12, 1973. NJSA 19:53A-13 Application of Title 19 The provisions of Title 19 of the Revised Statutes except as herein modified shall be applicable to the use of electronic voting systems in elections as herein provided for. L.1973, c. 82, s. 13, eff. April 12, 1973. NJSA 19:53A-14 Recount In case of a recount the ballot cards shall be recounted in the manner provided by section 8 of this act unless the court ordering the recount directs that they be counted manually. L.1973, c. 82, s. 14, eff. April 12, 1973. NJSA 19:53A-15 Tampering with or willfully injuring record or equipment or interference with conduct of election; penalty; application of laws 15. a. Any person who before, during or after an election tampers with or willfully injures any voting device, ballot cards, or other records or equipment used in the election, or interferes or attempts to interfere with the correct operation of such device or equipment or the secrecy of voting, is guilty of a crime of the third degree. b. The penal laws and election laws relating to misconduct at elections apply to elections conducted with voting devices and automatic tabulating equipment. L.1973,c.82,s.15; amended 2005, c.154, s.54. NJSA 19:53B-1 Emergency ballot box packet, packages; preparation 10. a. The county clerk or the municipal clerk, in the case of a municipal election, shall prepare an emergency ballot box packet which shall include the appropriate number of emergency ballots, the appropriate number of pre-punched single-hole white envelopes, and two tally sheets, each with a carbon duplicate copy attached. The custodian of the voting machines shall prepare and place in each emergency ballot box an emergency ballot box packet and an envelope containing a numbered white seal and a numbered red seal. The envelope shall contain, on its face, the instructions for the use of the seals, the number and the election district location of the voting machine to which the ballot box is attached, and the identification numbers of the white and red seals that were placed in the envelope. The emergency ballot box shall be sealed with a numbered green security seal before being shipped to each election district as provided in R.S.19:48-6. b. For the primary for the general election, the emergency ballots shall be printed on paper of a color that matches the color of the voting authority, which shall indicate the party primary of the voter. The emergency ballots shall be uniform in size, quality and type and of a thickness that the printing thereon cannot be distinguished from the back of the paper, and without any mark, device or figure on the front or back other than as provided in this amendatory and supplementary act, P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-1 et al.). The clerk of the county or municipality having custody of the emergency ballots shall prepare each emergency ballot package with a minimum of 30 emergency ballots for each political party. If the clerk determines, based upon the number of registered voters with party affiliations, that an election district shall require more than 30 emergency ballots per party primary, additional emergency ballots shall be delivered to that election district. c. For the general election the emergency ballots shall be printed on paper of the color of the voting authority. The emergency ballots shall be uniform in size, quality and type and of a thickness that the printing thereon cannot be distinguished from the back of the paper, and without any mark, device or figure on the front or back other than as provided in this amendatory and supplementary act. The clerk of the county or municipality shall prepare each emergency ballot package with a minimum of 30 emergency ballots. If the clerk determines that an election district shall require more than 30 emergency ballots based on the number of registered voters, additional emergency ballots shall be delivered to that election district. L.1992,c.3,s.10. NJSA 19:53B-2 Distribution, use of emergency ballots 11. a. The board shall not permit other emergency ballots to be used at an election except the emergency ballots which are provided for by this amendatory and supplementary act, P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-1 et al.). It shall confine the distribution and use of the emergency ballots to the polling room and election district in the manner herein directed, and shall not distribute emergency ballots, other than official sample emergency ballots as herein provided, outside the polling place or election district. b. The board shall not keep emergency ballots or pre-punched single-hole plain white envelopes to enclose emergency ballots cast during the election in a polling booth or, if a polling booth is unusable, in the area designated for voters to mark the emergency ballot. c. The board shall cause each booth or voting area in a polling place to be kept provided with sufficient lead pencils to enable the voters to mark their emergency ballots. d. The county board of elections shall prepare complete written instructions regarding the procedures for the use of the emergency ballot boxes for each district board member. The board members shall be orally instructed on the procedures for the use of emergency ballots at the training classes held for the board members. L.1992,c.3,s.11. NJSA 19:53B-3 Voting with emergency ballots 12. a. If for any cause a voting machine fails to operate, the district board shall use the supply of emergency ballots that are on hand at the opening of the polls. The mode and manner of voting the emergency ballots shall in all respects conform as nearly as possible to the mode and manner of voting herein described. b. If for any reason emergency ballots shall not be ready or available for distribution at any polling place, or if the supply of emergency ballots shall be exhausted before the polls are closed, the district board member in charge shall notify the appropriate authority that additional ballots shall be required. L.1992,c.3,s.12. NJSA 19:53B-4 Use of emergency ballot box 13. If it becomes necessary to use the emergency ballot box, and if the numbers on the green seal and the voting machine key envelope were identical when previously examined as provided in R.S.19:52-1, the judge of the district board shall remove the emergency ballots and the envelope containing the numbered white and red seals from the box; shall open the envelope, remove the seals, compare the numbers on the seals with those on the face of the envelope, and note on the envelope any discrepancies; shall place the red seal back in the envelope and return the envelope to the ballot box; and shall, in an open and public manner, exhibit the emergency ballot box so that those present may see that the box is now empty except for the envelope containing the numbered red seal. The judge shall close and re-seal the emergency ballot box with the numbered white seal removed from the envelope in the box, leaving open the aperture in the lid thereof. If the numbers on the green seal and the voting machine key envelope were not identical when previously examined as provided in R.S.19:52-1 but the appropriate county board of elections, superintendent of elections, or municipal clerk, as the case may be, has authorized the use of the emergency ballot box, the emergency ballot box may be opened and handled in the manner prescribed above. If the appropriate county board, superintendent, or municipal clerk, as the case may be, has not yet authorized the use of the emergency ballot box, the appropriate county board, superintendent, or municipal clerk shall again be notified and the emergency ballot box shall not be opened until that county board, superintendent, or municipal clerk authorizes the use of the box. L.1992,c.3,s.13. NJSA 19:53B-5 Procedure for voter use of emergency ballots 14. After the district board ascertains that a voter is properly registered and qualified to vote, the member of the board charged with maintaining the signature copy register shall require the voter to sign the signature copy register and shall have the voter sign the part of the two-part perforated voting authority that shall remain bound in the pad. The member shall record the voting authority number in the proper column of the signature copy register, except that in a primary for the general election, the member shall also record the party primary in which the voter voted. In the proper columns, the voter shall sign the reverse side of the signature copy register and the board member shall initial the signature of the voter. After the voter signs the voting authority, the member of the board in charge of the signature copy register shall give the voter the unsigned portion of the two-part voting authority. The voter shall return that portion to the district election board member in charge of the operation of the voting machine at that time. The member shall place each authority in consecutive order on a string or wire prior to furnishing a voter with an emergency ballot and a plain white single-hole punched envelope. No emergency ballot shall be handed to a voter until there is a polling booth ready for occupancy or, if a booth is unusable, the area designated for voters to mark the emergency ballot is ready. If a voting area is used, the voter shall be provided with a privacy screen at the same time that the emergency ballot is provided. The inspector shall instruct the voter how to place the voted emergency ballot into the pre-punched single-hole plain white envelope. L.1992,c.3,s.14. NJSA 19:53B-6 Emergency ballots marked secretly; violation. 15. Every voter to whom an emergency ballot is given shall retire into the polling booth or to the designated voting area, as the case may be. Not more than one voter shall be permitted to enter or be in the same booth or voting area at one time. The voter shall prepare the emergency ballot in the booth or the voting area screened from the observation of others. Any person or voter who shall violate the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a disorderly persons offense. L.1992,c.3,s.15; amended 2005, c.154, s.55. NJSA 19:53B-7 Method of marking ballot 16. To vote for a candidate whose name is printed in any column, the voter shall mark a cross x, plus + or check / in the square provided for the name of each candidate in any column for whom the voter chooses to vote. To vote upon the public questions printed on the emergency ballot, the voter shall indicate the choice of the voter by marking a cross x, plus + or check / in the square provided for either the word "Yes" or "No" of each public question. L.1992,c.3,s.16. NJSA 19:53B-8 Personal choice column provided on emergency ballots 17. Nothing in this amendatory and supplementary act, P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-1 et al.) shall prevent any voter from writing or pasting within the proper title of office in the column designated personal choice, the name or names of any person or persons for whom the voter desires to vote whose name or names are not printed upon the emergency ballot for the same office. The voter shall mark a cross x , plus + or check in the square provided for such name. The writing shall be in ink or pencil. L.1992,c.3,s.17; amended 1994,c.77,s.11. NJSA 19:53B-9 Spoiled emergency ballots 18. If any voter to whom any official emergency ballot has been handed spoils or renders the same unfit for use, the voter shall return the emergency ballot and the pre-punched single-hole plain white envelope to a district board member. The voter shall be furnished with another emergency ballot and envelope. No more than two official emergency ballots shall be furnished to a voter, except at the discretion of the board members. The district board members shall preserve each spoiled emergency ballot and place that ballot in the pre-punched single-hole plain white envelope and the district board member shall write "SPOILED" across both the front and back of the envelope. On the "SPOILED" white envelope each district board member shall sign and date the signature of the member. Immediately thereafter, the "SPOILED" white envelope shall be sealed and placed in the emergency ballot box. L.1992,c.3,s.18. NJSA 19:53B-10 Voted emergency ballot placed in sealed envelope 19. After voting the emergency ballot and before leaving the polling booth or the designated voting area, as the case may be, the voter shall place the voted emergency ballot in the pre-punched single-hole plain white envelope. The voter shall seal the envelope and shall retain custody of the envelope until the member of the board having charge of the voting machine at that time is ready to accept the envelope. L.1992,c.3,s.19. NJSA 19:53B-11 Deposit of sealed envelope in emergency ballot box 20. The voter shall hand the sealed envelope to the member of the election board having charge of the voting machine. The member shall keep the sealed white envelope in full view of the voter, the other district board members and all other persons present until it is deposited in the ballot box. The voter may also take hold of the envelope, with that member of the board, until the emergency ballot is deposited into the emergency ballot box. L.1992,c.3,s.20. NJSA 19:53B-12 Challenge of voter using emergency ballot, electronic voting machine. 21. The right to challenge a voter who uses the emergency ballot shall exist until the emergency ballot is deposited in the emergency ballot box. If the right of a person to vote is challenged, the same procedures shall be used as prescribed when the right of a person to cast a vote on an electronic voting machine is challenged. L.1992,c.3,s.21; amended 2004, c.88, s.21. NJSA 19:53B-13 Canvassing emergency ballots 22. In canvassing the emergency ballots, the district board shall count the votes as follows: a. If proper marks are made in the squares provided for the names of any candidates in any column and the total number voted for, for each office, does not exceed the number of candidates to be elected to each office, a vote shall be counted for each candidate so marked. b. If proper marks are made in the squares provided for any names of any candidates in any column, a vote shall be counted for each candidate so marked; but if the district board canvassing the emergency ballots, or the county board, judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting a recount thereof, shall be satisfied that the placing of the marks to the left and right of the names was intended to identify or distinguish the emergency ballot, then the emergency ballot shall not be counted and shall be declared null and void. c. If no marks are made in the squares provided for the names of any candidates in any column, but are made to the right of the names, a vote shall not be counted for the candidates so marked, but shall be counted for the other candidates as are properly marked; but if the district board canvassing the emergency ballot, or the county board, judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting a recount thereof, shall be satisfied that the placing of the marks to the right of the names was intended to identify or distinguish the emergency ballot, the emergency ballot shall be declared null and void. d. Where the name of any person is written in the column designated personal choice, and a cross x, plus + or check / appears in the square provided for the name, it shall be counted as a vote for that person. e. In the case of any public question printed on the emergency ballot where a proper mark is made in the square provided for the word "Yes," it shall be counted as a vote in favor of that public question. If a proper mark is made in the square provided for the word "No," it shall be counted as a vote against same. If no mark is made in the square provided for either the word "Yes" or "No," it shall not be counted as a vote either in favor of or against the public question. If a mark is made in each of the squares provided for both the words "Yes" and "No," it shall not be counted either as a vote in favor of or against the public question nor shall it invalidate the emergency ballot. f. If a voter marks more names than there are persons to be elected to an office, or writes the name of any person in the column designated personal choice, whose name is printed upon the emergency ballot as a candidate under the same title of office, or the choice of the voter cannot be determined, that emergency ballot shall not be counted for that office, but shall be counted for those other offices as are properly marked. g. If the mark made for any candidate or public question is substantially a cross x, plus + or check / and is substantially within the square, it shall be counted for the candidate or for or against the public question, as the case may be. No vote shall be counted for any candidate in any column or for or against any public question unless the mark made is substantially a cross x, plus + or check / and is substantially within the square. L.1992,c.3,s.22. NJSA 19:53B-14 Void emergency ballots 23. In counting the emergency ballots, the board shall deem void all emergency ballots which are wholly blank, or on which more names have been marked for every office than there are persons to be elected to the office, and on which both "Yes" and "No" have been marked upon every public question. No emergency ballot which shall have, either on its face or back, any mark, sign, erasure, designation or device whatsoever, other than that which is permitted by this amendatory and supplementary act, P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-1 et al.), by which the emergency ballot shall be distinguished from another emergency ballot shall be declared void unless the district board canvassing those emergency ballots, or the county board, judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting the recount thereof, shall be satisfied that the placing of the mark, sign, erasure, designation or device upon the emergency ballot was intended to identify or distinguish the emergency ballot. No emergency ballot shall be declared invalid by reason of the fact that the mark made with ink or the mark made with lead pencil appears other than black. No emergency ballot cast for any candidate shall be invalid by reason of the fact that the name of that candidate may be misprinted, or the Christian name or the initials of the candidate may be omitted. No emergency ballot cast for any candidate shall be invalid by reason of the use of any label permitted by this amendatory and supplementary act, P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-1 et al.) on which the title of office may be printed or the name of the candidate may be misprinted or part of the Christian name or surname or the initials of the candidate may be omitted, or because the voter in writing the name of the candidate may misspell the name or omit part of the Christian name or surname or the initials of the candidate. No emergency ballot shall be declared void or invalid, by reason of having a cross x, plus + or check / appearing in a square provided for a blank space, or a space wherein no name is printed. L.1992,c.3,s.23. NJSA 19:53B-15 Void emergency ballots not counted 24. In every case in which an emergency ballot shall be declared invalid, the same, which shall be enclosed in a pre-punched single-hole plain white envelope shall not be canvassed or counted, but shall be marked "VOID" on the outside thereof, and shall be numbered and placed in proper order on the string or wire with the valid ballots as provided in section 26 of this amendatory and supplementary act, P.L.1992, c.3 (C.19:53B-17). Emergency ballots which shall be declared invalid with respect to a part of the candidates to be voted for or public questions to be voted upon shall be canvassed, estimated and numbered with respect to the part which is not invalid and preserved as other emergency ballots and placed in their proper order on the string or wire with the valid ballots. L.1992,c.3,s.24. NJSA 19:53B-16 Decision of district board final, dissension 25. The decision of a majority of the district board on any question shall be deemed the decision of the board and final. If any member of the board dissents from any decision and wishes to make the dissension known to avoid any of the consequences which may result from that decision, the member may record the dissent in the signature copy register. The member shall sign the signature copy register to record the dissent. If the member fails to sign the signature copy register, the member shall be deemed to have assented to the decision so made. L.1992,c.3,s.25. NJSA 19:53B-17 Reading of emergency ballots 26. The district board members, in the actual procedure of counting the emergency ballots, shall break the seal and open the emergency ballot box. The emergency ballots shall be taken singly and separately therefrom by the judge of the election board. Ballot envelopes marked "SPOILED" shall be set aside and remain unopened, and at the conclusion of counting the emergency ballots shall be placed on the string or wire after all other ballots. The outside front of each envelope which contains a voted emergency ballot shall be numbered in consecutive order beginning with the number one. This number shall be circled. While each emergency ballot shall remain in the hands of the judge, the judge shall audibly and publicly read the ballot in full view of the other members of the district board, including the inspector of the district election board. The inspector shall verify that each emergency ballot is being correctly read by the judge. The remaining members of the district election board shall record the votes on the tally sheets, as provided. The district board members shall also record the number of void ballots on the tally sheets, as provided. After the reading of an emergency ballot, including a ballot determined to be void, and before taking another emergency ballot from the box, the judge shall deliver the ballot to the inspector, who shall write on the back thereof the number of the emergency ballot in consecutive order beginning with the number one, in the order in which the same shall have been taken from the box; and shall string the envelope that contains the emergency ballot as one ticket in the order in which the envelope was taken from the box and numbered, on the string or wire to be provided for that purpose. The outside front of each envelope that contains a voided emergency ballot shall have the word "VOID" written next to the circled number. After all the envelopes which contain the emergency ballots cast in one election district have been tallied and strung, the envelopes shall be returned to the ballot box. All unused emergency ballots and pre-punched single-hole plain white envelopes shall also be placed in the emergency ballot box. L.1992,c.3,s.26. NJSA 19:53B-18 Tallying of votes 27. a. The clerks of the board shall, upon the tally sheets provided for that purpose, make a list of the names of all persons for whom one or more votes shall have been given, designating the office which that person shall be voted for, and of any public questions voted upon; and as each emergency ballot shall be read, the members shall write the figure "1" opposite the name of each person whose name is contained thereon, as designated for any office, or in the proper column designating the vote upon the public question. b. When all the votes which were cast have been read, examined, numbered and strung, as directed, the board shall tally the votes given for each person for any office to be filled at the election or any public question and note the same upon the tally sheets. The tally sheets shall be signed by all the members of the district board. One of the tally sheets shall be placed in the emergency ballot box and the emergency ballot box shall be sealed with the remaining numbered red seal. The other tally sheet shall be filed with the county clerk at the same time the statements of results are delivered. L.1992,c.3,s.27. NJSA 19:53B-19 Emergency ballot tally added to machine tally 28. When the machine tally is completed, the district board members shall record the results of the emergency ballot tally, if any ballots were voted, on the statement of canvass in the section provided and shall add the emergency ballot tally to the machine tally. L.1992,c.3,s.28. NJSA 19:53B-20 Ballots remain sealed in box for 15 days; when removable 29. When district board members have processed both voted and non-voted emergency ballots, the ballots shall remain sealed within the box for a period of 15 calendar days, which shall begin on the first business day after the day of the election, except that if a judge of the Superior Court issues a court order to open the box within the 15-day period, the box shall be opened. On the first business day after the 15-day period, the custodian of the voting machines shall break the numbered security seals and the emergency ballot boxes shall be opened. All voted emergency ballots located within an emergency ballot box shall be removed from the box and shall be placed in a container or an envelope and sealed. The front of each container or envelope shall contain the number of the voting machine, the name of the municipality and the ward or district number where the machine was located during the election. The commissioner of registration shall preserve the containers or envelopes and the contents of the containers or envelopes for a period of two years from the date that the election occurred. L.1992,c.3,s.29. NJSA 19:53B-21 List by district, number of emergency ballots used 1. Within 15 calendar days after an election other than a general election or three days after the certification of the results of that election, whichever occurs later, or in the case of a general election on the day of the certification of the results of the general election, the county board of election in each county shall prepare a report which lists by election district, and includes a county wide total by category for, the number of emergency ballots, including any spoiled, void, or invalid emergency ballots, used in the election. The report shall be a government record that is available for public inspection and copying pursuant to the provisions of P.L.1963, c.73 (C.47:1A-1 et seq.). L.2005,c.152,s.1; amended 2023, c.124, s.10. NJSA 19:53C-1 Preparation of provisional ballots; written notices 7. a. (1) The county clerk or the municipal clerk, in the case of a municipal election, shall arrange for the preparation of a provisional ballot packet for each election district. It shall include the appropriate number of provisional ballots, the appropriate number of envelopes with an affirmation statement, the appropriate number of written notices to be distributed to voters who vote by provisional ballot and one provisional ballot inventory form affixed to the provisional ballot bag. The clerk shall arrange for the preparation of and placement in each provisional ballot bag of a provisional ballot packet and an envelope containing a numbered seal. The envelope shall contain, on its face, the instructions for the use of the seal, the number and the election district location of the provisional ballot bag, and the identification numbers of the seal placed in the envelope. Each provisional ballot bag shall be sealed with a numbered security seal before being forwarded to the appropriate election district. (2) Each provisional ballot bag and the inventory of the contents of each such bag shall be delivered to the designated polling place no later than the opening of the polls on the day of an election. b. The county clerk or the municipal clerk, in the case of a municipal election, shall arrange for the preparation of the envelope, affirmation statement, and written notice that is to accompany each provisional ballot. The envelope shall be of sufficient size to accommodate the provisional ballot, and the affirmation statement shall be affixed thereto in a manner that enables it to be detached once completed and verified by the county commissioner of registration. The statement shall require the voter to provide the voter's name, and to indicate whether the voter is registered to vote in a county but has moved within that county since registering to vote; or is registered to vote in the election district in which that polling place is located but the voter's registration information is missing or otherwise deficient; or indicate the voter has applied for a mail-in ballot and not received either the ballot or an explanation for not receiving such a ballot pursuant to notification by the county clerk or from the free-access system, or has applied for and received a mail-in ballot and has not transmitted it to the county board of elections or given it to a bearer for delivery to the county board before the time for the opening of the polls on the day of an election but wants, nevertheless, to vote in the election. The statement shall further require the voter to provide the voter's most recent prior voter registration address and address on the day of the election and date of birth. The statement shall include the statement: "I swear or affirm, that the foregoing statements made by me are true and correct and that I understand that any fraudulent voting may subject me to a fine of up to $15,000, imprisonment up to five years or both, pursuant to R.S.19:34-11." It shall be followed immediately by spaces for the voter's signature and printed name, and in the case of a name change, the voter's printed old and new name and a signature for each name, the date the statement was completed, political party affiliation, if used in a primary election, and the name of the person providing assistance to the voter, if applicable. Each statement shall also provide spaces for the voter's telephone number and email address, including language informing the voter that this contact information will be used to contact the voter concerning the acceptance or rejection of the ballot, and how the voter may cure a defect. A voter's telephone number and email address shall not be subject to public disclosure and shall not be considered a government record. Each statement shall also note the number of the election district, or ward, and name of the municipality at which the statement will be used. The Secretary of State shall prepare for inclusion in the affirmation statement language for the voter to submit the information required in the registration form described in section 16 of P.L.1974, c.30 (C.19:31-6.4) in order to enable the county commissioner of registration to process the statement as a voter registration application, which shall be valid for future elections if the individual who submitted the provisional ballot is determined not to be a registered voter. The Secretary of State shall also prepare and shall provide language for any written instructions necessary to assure proper completion of the statement. The written notice shall contain information to be distributed to each voter who votes by provisional ballot. The notice shall state that, if the voter is a mail-in registrant voting for the first time in his or her current county of residence following registration and was given a provisional ballot because he or she did not provide required personal identification information, the voter shall be given until the close of business on the second day after the election to provide identification to the applicable county commissioner of registration, and the notice shall contain a telephone number at which the commissioner may be contacted. The notice shall further state that failure to provide the required personal identification information within that time period shall result in the rejection of the ballot. The notice shall state that pursuant to section 4 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-4), any individual who casts a provisional ballot will be able to ascertain under a system established by the State whether the ballot was accepted for counting, and if the vote was not counted, the reason for the rejection of the ballot. The notice shall include instructions on how to access such information. c. For the primary for the general election, the provisional ballots shall be printed in ink on paper of a color that matches the color of the voting authority, which shall indicate the party primary of the voter. The provisional ballots shall be uniform in size, quality and type and of a thickness that the printing thereon cannot be distinguished from the back of the paper, and without any mark, device or figure on the front or back other than as provided in P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1 et seq.). Each such ballot shall include near the top thereof and in large type the designation PROVISIONAL BALLOT. In all other respects, the provisional ballots shall conform generally to the other ballots to be used in the election district for the primary election. The clerk of the county or municipality shall arrange for the preparation of each provisional ballot package with an appropriate number of provisional ballots for each political party, a corresponding number of envelopes with affirmation statements, and a corresponding number of written notices. Additional provisional ballots, envelopes, and notices shall be available for delivery to that election district on the day of the election, if necessary. d. For the general election the provisional ballots shall be printed in ink. The provisional ballots shall be uniform in size, quality and type and of a thickness that the printing thereon cannot be distinguished from the back of the paper, and without any mark, device or figure on the front or back other than as provided in this act. Each such ballot shall include near the top thereof and in large type the designation PROVISIONAL BALLOT. In all other respects, the provisional ballots shall conform generally to the other ballots to be used in the election district for the general election. The clerk of the county or municipality shall arrange for the preparation of each provisional ballot package with an appropriate number of provisional ballots, a corresponding number of envelopes with affirmation statements, and a corresponding number of written notices. Additional provisional ballots, envelopes, and notices shall be available for delivery to that election district on the day of the election, if necessary. e. For a school election the provisional ballots shall be printed in ink. The provisional ballots shall be uniform in size, quality and type and of a thickness that the printing thereon cannot be distinguished from the back of the paper, and without any mark, device or figure on the front or back other than as provided in this act. Each such ballot shall include near the top thereof and in large type the designation PROVISIONAL BALLOT. In all other respects, the provisional ballots shall conform generally to the other ballots to be used in the election district for the school election. The clerk of the county shall arrange for the preparation of each provisional ballot package with an appropriate number of provisional ballots, a corresponding number of envelopes with affirmation statements, and a corresponding number of written notices. Additional provisional ballots, envelopes, and notices shall be available for delivery to that election district on the day of the election, if necessary. f. Following the effective date of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-1 et al.), a provisional ballot that requires the voter to punch out a hole in the ballot as a means of recording the voter's vote shall not be used in any election in this State. g. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.2011, c.134). L.1999, c.232, s.7; amended 2004, c.88, s.22; 2005, c.136, s.50; 2005, c.139, s.19; 2005, c.154, s.56; 2009, c.79, s.33; 2011, c.134, s.47; 2020, c.70, s.7. NJSA 19:53C-2 procedures, use of provisional ballots 8. a. The district board shall not permit other provisional ballots to be used at an election except those provisional ballots provided for by P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1 et al.). It shall confine the distribution and use of the provisional ballots to the polling place and election district in the manner herein directed, and shall not distribute provisional ballots outside the polling place or election district. b. The board shall not store provisional ballots or envelopes with affirmation statements in a polling booth or in any other area designated for voters to mark the provisional ballot and complete the affirmation statement. c. The board shall cause each booth or voting area in a polling place to be kept provided with sufficient pens or lead pencils to enable the voters to mark their provisional ballots and complete the affirmation statement. d. The county board of elections shall arrange for the preparation of complete written instructions regarding the procedures for the use of the provisional ballot bags for each district board member. The board members shall be orally instructed on the procedures for the use of provisional ballots and affirmation statements at the training classes held for the board members. L.1999,c.232,s.8. NJSA 19:53C-3 Procedure as to voters changing residence within the county, certain use of provisional, mail-in ballots 9. Whenever a voter enters a polling place to vote on the day of an election and the circumstance of that voter matches the circumstance of a voter described in subsection b. of R.S.19:31-11, the district board shall query the voter and follow the appropriate procedure herein described. a. If, at any time, the voter has moved from one residence to another in the same election district, the board shall permit the voter to vote at that polling place in the same manner as other voters at the polling place upon written affirmation by the voter to the district board. b. If the voter has moved within a municipality but currently resides in an election district different from that listed for the voter by the commissioner of registration, the district board shall direct the voter to the appropriate election district and polling place for the voter and inform that person that: (1) the person must go to that polling place to vote; and (2) the person will be permitted to vote thereat by provisional ballot after completing an affirmation statement. c. If the voter has moved within the county but currently resides in a municipality different from that listed for the voter by the commissioner of registration, the district board shall determine the appropriate election district and polling place for the voter and inform that person that: (1) the person must go to that polling place to vote; and (2) the person will be permitted to vote thereat by provisional ballot after completing an affirmation statement. d. If, on or before the 21st day prior to the day of the election, the voter has moved into the county from another county or state and has not registered to vote in that county, the board shall inform the voter that he is not eligible to vote in that county at that election. e. If, after the 21st day prior to the day of an election, the voter has moved into the county from another county in this State, the board shall inform the voter that: (1) the voter is not eligible to vote in the county where he resides currently at that election; and (2) the voter may be eligible to vote in the election district where the voter resided prior to moving to the voter's current residence. f. If the voter's registration information has been marked by the county commissioner of registration to indicate a problem therewith, or if the voter's sample ballot has been returned as undeliverable to the county or municipal clerk, as the case may be, but the voter states that the voter has not moved prior to the day of an election, but instead continues to reside at the same address the voter resided at when voting previously, the voter shall be permitted to vote in such election district in the same manner as other voters at the polling place upon written affirmation to the district board of that election district. g. If the voter's registration information is missing, the voter shall be permitted to vote by provisional ballot after completing the affirmation statement attached to the envelope provided with the provisional ballot. h. In accordance with the requirements of subsection (c) of section 302 of Pub.L.107-252 (42 U.S.C.s.15482), whenever a voter is voting as a result of a federal or State court order or any other order extending the time established for closing the polls in effect 10 days before the date of an election, the voter may vote only by provisional ballot. Any such ballot shall be separated by the county board from other provisional ballots cast at the election and the results shall be canvassed and recorded separately in the official canvas for the election. i. Any person who, pursuant to subsection b. of R.S.19:15-17, votes by provisional ballot at the polling place because of his or her failure to provide required personal identification information shall be given until the close of business on the second day after the election to provide the applicable county commissioner of registration with the identification information. Failure to provide the required personal identification information within that time period shall result in the rejection of the ballot. j. If the voter (1) has applied for a mail-in ballot and not received either the ballot or an explanation for not receiving such a ballot pursuant to notification by the county clerk or from the free-access system established pursuant to section 5 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-5) to provide such information; or (2) has applied for and received a mail-in ballot and has not transmitted it to the county board of elections or given it to a bearer for delivery to the county board before the time for the opening of the polls on the day of an election, the voter shall be permitted to vote at that election by provisional ballot after completing the affirmation statement attached to the envelope provided with the provisional ballot. L.1999, c.232, s.9; amended 2004, c.88, s.23; 2009, c.79, s.34. NJSA 19:53C-4 Designated area for marking provisional ballot, affirmation statement 10. The district board shall designate an area within the polling place, which may be a voting booth, for the voter to mark the provisional ballot and affirmation statement. If the district board designates a voting booth for the voter to mark the provisional ballot and affirmation statement, the voting booth shall be arranged in accordance with the provisions of R.S.19:8-7. If a voting booth is not used, the area designated for voters to mark the provisional ballot and affirmation statement shall have swinging doors or privacy screens, shields, or curtains so that privacy is maintained as the voter prepares the provisional ballot and affirmation statement in secret and screened from the observation of others. No provisional ballot and envelope with an affirmation statement shall be handed to a voter until the area designated for voters to mark the provisional ballot and affirmation statement is ready. A district board member shall instruct the voter how to complete the affirmation statement and place the voted provisional ballot into the envelope. If for any reason provisional ballots and envelopes with affirmation statements are not ready or available for distribution at any polling place, the district board member in charge shall notify the appropriate authority that additional ballots and affirmation statements are required. L.1999,c.232,s.10; amended 2022, c.67, s.9. NJSA 19:53C-5 Voters given provisional ballot, retire into designated voting area 11. Every voter to whom a provisional ballot and envelope with an affirmation statement is given shall retire into the designated voting area. Not more than one voter shall be permitted to enter or be in the same booth or voting area at one time, unless the voter is entitled to assistance, as provided for by law. Any person or voter who violates the provisions of this section is guilty of a disorderly persons offense. L.1999,c.232,s.11; amended 2005, c.154, s.57. NJSA 19:53C-6 Completion of affirmation statement 12. Prior to voting the provisional ballot or immediately thereafter, the voter shall complete the affirmation statement attached to the provisional ballot envelope. The statement shall conform with the requirements for such a statement contained in paragraph b. of section 7 of P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1). At no time when in possession of the provisional ballot with attached affirmation statement shall the voter detach the statement from the ballot envelope. L.1999,c.232,s.12. NJSA 19:53C-7 Voting with provisional ballot 13. To vote for a candidate whose name is printed in any column, or to vote in favor of or against any public question printed on the provisional ballot, the voter shall: a. Mark a cross x, plus + or check in the square provided for the name of each candidate in any column for whom the voter chooses to vote, or for a public question, make the same marking in the square provided for either the word "Yes" or "No" of each public question, if the ballot requires such designation to be considered valid; b. (Deleted by amendment, P.L.2004, c.88); c. Complete the connecting line adjacent to the name of each candidate in any column for whom the voter chooses to vote, or for a public question, complete the connecting line adjacent to either the word "Yes" or "No" of each public question, if the ballot requires such designation to be considered valid; or d. Fill in the designated space adjacent to the name of the candidate for whom the voter chooses to vote, or for a public question, fill in the designated space adjacent to either the word "Yes" or "No" of each public question, if the ballot requires such a designation to be considered valid. L.1999,c.232,s.13; amended 2004, c.88, s.24. NJSA 19:53C-8 Write-in votes on provisional ballot permitted 14. Nothing in P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1 et al.) shall prevent any voter from writing or pasting within the proper title of office in the column designated personal choice, the name or names of any person or persons for whom the voter desires to vote whose name or names are not printed upon the provisional ballot for the same office. The writing shall be in ink or lead pencil, as may be required. L.1999,c.232,s.14. NJSA 19:53C-9 Spoiled provisional ballot, affirmation statement; procedure 15. If any voter to whom a provisional ballot and envelope with an affirmation statement has been handed spoils or renders any of the same unfit for use, the voter shall return the ballot and the envelope with affirmation statement to a district board member. The voter shall be furnished with another provisional ballot and envelope with affirmation statement. No more than two provisional ballots and envelopes with affirmation statements shall be furnished to a voter, except at the discretion of the board members. The district board shall preserve each spoiled provisional ballot and envelope with an affirmation statement and shall write "SPOILED" across the envelope and initial the same. Immediately thereafter, the "SPOILED" envelope shall be sealed and placed in the provisional ballot bag. L.1999,c.232,s.15. NJSA 19:53C-10 Voted provisional ballot placed in envelope, written instructions 16. a. After voting the provisional ballot and completing the affirmation statement, and before leaving the polling booth or the designated voting area, as the case may be, the voter shall place the voted provisional ballot in the envelope. The voter shall seal the envelope and shall retain custody of the envelope until a member of the board is ready to accept the envelope. b. The voter shall hand the sealed envelope to the member of the district board. The member shall keep the sealed envelope in full view of the voter, the other district board members and all other persons present until it is placed in the provisional ballot bag. The voter may also take hold of the envelope, with that member of the board, until the envelope is placed in the provisional ballot bag. The security of the provisional ballot bag and its contents while any election occurs shall be the responsibility of the members of the district board. After placing the envelope in the provisional ballot bag, the member of the district board shall hand to the voter the written notice of instructions on how the voter may access information regarding whether the ballot of the individual is accepted for counting, and if the vote is not counted, the reason for the rejection of the ballot, pursuant to section 4 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-4). L.1999,c.232,s.16; amended 2004, c.88, s.25. NJSA 19:53C-11 Inventory of provisional ballots 17. Immediately following the closing of the polls on the day of an election, the members of the district board shall inventory the provisional ballots. All invalid provisional ballots placed in envelopes and marked "SPOILED" shall be counted and the number of those envelopes shall be recorded on the provisional ballot inventory form provided with the provisional ballot bag. All provisional ballots that have been voted, not used or found to be missing shall next be recorded on the provisional ballot inventory form. Upon the completion of the inventory of all provisional ballots, and if the members of the district board agree on that inventory, the provisional ballot inventory form shall be signed by those members. Any member not in agreement shall give the reason therefor on the form and so certify with the member's signature. All envelopes marked "SPOILED", and all voted and not voted provisional ballots, shall be placed in the provisional ballot bag and sealed with the numbered seal taken from the envelope provided with that bag. L.1999,c.232,s.17. NJSA 19:53C-12 Transportation of provisional ballot bag 18. Immediately following the sealing of the provisional ballot bag at a polling place on the day of any election, a member of the district board shall transport the ballot bag and all other election materials to a location designated by the commissioner of registration. L.1999,c.232,s.18. NJSA 19:53C-13 Opening of provisional ballot bag 19. When the office of the commissioner of registration receives a provisional ballot bag that has been found to be in good order, the commissioner thereof shall first break the seal and open the bag. In any county where the superintendent of elections is the commissioner of registration, the county board of elections may sort the provisional ballots if so agreed to in advance by both the superintendent and the board. Envelopes marked "SPOILED" shall be set aside and remain unopened. The name, signature and other information contained on the form as supplied by a voter shall be compared with the name, signature and other information that the commissioner of registration has in the Statewide voter registration system for that voter. No affirmation statement shall be separated from a provisional ballot envelope until all affirmation statements have been reviewed by the commissioner of registration. After a comparison of the voter's address is completed by the commissioner of registration and prior to separating the affirmation statement from the envelope and counting the ballot, the letter "p" shall be placed adjacent to the voter's name in the Statewide voter registration system and on the signature copy register together with the name of the municipality in which the voter voted the provisional ballot. If two provisional ballots from the same voter are received, both such ballots shall not be counted, the affirmation statements shall not be separated from the envelopes, and the ballots shall be put aside for further investigation. Whenever the address supplied by the voter on the affirmation statement does not match the address for such a person contained in the Statewide voter registration system, but it is clear that the circumstance of a voter matches the circumstance of a voter described in subsection b. of R.S.19:31-11, the updated information on the affirmation statement shall be recorded and shall constitute a transfer by the voter to a new address for any subsequent election. After the examination of the affirmation statement by the commissioner of registration, the county board of elections shall determine if a provisional ballot voter is legally entitled to have voted and if a provisional ballot conforms to the requirements established by law. The members of the county board shall then proceed to count and canvass the votes cast on each provisional ballot only after all of the provisional ballots cast in the county have been subjected to the verification process by the county commissioner of registration. Immediately after the canvass is complete, the county board of elections shall certify the results of the canvass to the county clerk or municipal clerk or other appropriate officials, as the case may be, showing the results of the canvass by municipality. The outside front of each envelope that contains a voided provisional ballot shall have the word "VOID" written next to the circled number. Unless provided otherwise by this section, all provisional ballot materials shall be processed by the county board of elections in accordance with the procedures established for absentee ballots pursuant to section 31 of P.L.1953, c.211 (C.19:57-31). L.1999,c.232,s.19; amended 2005, c.145, s.20. NJSA 19:53C-14 Canvassing provisional ballots 20. In canvassing the provisional ballots, the county board shall count the votes as follows: a. If proper marks are made in the squares provided for the names of any candidates in any column and the total number voted for, for each office, does not exceed the number of candidates to be elected to each office, a vote shall be counted for each candidate so marked. b. If proper marks are made in the squares provided for any names of any candidates in any column, a vote shall be counted for each candidate so marked; but if the county board canvassing the provisional ballots or the judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting a recount thereof, shall be satisfied that the placing of the marks to the left or right of the names was intended to identify or distinguish the provisional ballot, then that ballot shall not be counted and shall be declared null and void. c. If no marks are made in the squares provided for the names of any candidates in any column, but are made to the right of the names, a vote shall not be counted for the candidates so marked, but shall be counted for the other candidates as are properly marked; but if the county board canvassing the provisional ballot or the judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting a recount thereof shall be satisfied that the placing of the marks to the right of the names was intended to identify or distinguish the provisional ballot, then that ballot shall be declared null and void. d. Where the name of any person is written in the column designated personal choice, and the proper mark or designation appears in the space provided for the name, it shall be counted as a vote for that person. e. In the case of any public question printed on the provisional ballot where a proper mark or designation is made in the space provided for the word "Yes," it shall be counted as a vote in favor of that public question. If a proper mark or designation is made in the space provided for the word "No," it shall be counted as a vote against same. If no mark or designation is made in the space provided for either the word "Yes" or "No," it shall not be counted as a vote either in favor of or against the public question. If a mark or designation is made in each of the spaces provided for both the words "Yes" and "No," it shall not be counted either as a vote in favor of or against the public question nor shall it invalidate the provisional ballot. f. If a voter marks or designates more names than there are persons to be elected to an office, or writes the name of any person in the column designated personal choice, whose name is printed upon the provisional ballot as a candidate under the same title of office, or the choice of the voter cannot be determined, that provisional ballot shall not be counted for that office, but shall be counted for those other offices as are properly marked. g. If the mark made for any candidate or public question is substantially a cross x, plus + or check and is substantially within the square, it shall be counted for the candidate or for or against the public question, as the case may be. No vote shall be counted for any candidate in any column or for or against any public question unless the mark or designation made is substantially a cross x, plus + or check or other required designation and is substantially within the space. L.1999,c.232,s.20. NJSA 19:53C-15 Counting provisional ballots; standards for validity 21. In counting the provisional ballots, the board shall deem void all provisional ballots which are wholly blank, or on which more names have been marked or designated for every office than there are persons to be elected to the office, and on which both "Yes" and "No" have been marked or designated upon every public question. No provisional ballot which shall have, either on its face or back, any mark, sign, erasure, designation or device whatsoever, other than that which is permitted by P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1 et al.), by which the provisional ballot shall be distinguished from another provisional ballot shall be declared void unless the county board canvassing those provisional ballots or the judge of the Superior Court or other judge or officer conducting the recount thereof shall be satisfied that the placing of the mark, sign, erasure, designation or device upon the provisional ballot was not intended to identify or distinguish that ballot. No provisional ballot shall be declared invalid by reason of the fact that the mark made with ink or the mark made with lead pencil appears other than black. No provisional ballot cast for any candidate shall be invalid by reason of the fact that the name of that candidate may be misprinted, or the given name or the initials of the candidate may be omitted. No provisional ballot cast for any candidate shall be invalid by reason of the use of any label permitted by P.L.1999, c.232 (C.19:53C-1 et al.) on which the title of office may be printed or the name of the candidate may be misprinted or part of the given name or surname or the initials of the candidate may be omitted, or because the voter in writing the name of the candidate may misspell the name or omit part of the given name or surname or the initials of the candidate. No provisional ballot shall be declared "REJECTED" or invalid by reason of having a cross x, plus + or check appearing in a square provided for a blank space or a space wherein no name is printed. L.1999,c.232,s.21. NJSA 19:53C-16 Invalid provisional ballots 22. In every case in which a provisional ballot shall be declared invalid, the ballot, which shall be enclosed in a envelope, shall not be canvassed or counted, but shall be marked "REJECTED" on the outside thereof. Provisional ballots which shall be declared invalid with respect to a part of the candidates to be voted for or public questions to be voted upon shall be canvassed, estimated and numbered with respect to the part which is not invalid and preserved by the county board for a period of not less than six months. L.1999,c.232,s.22. NJSA 19:53C-17 Votes counted, void votes 23. If, for any reason, a provisional ballot voter votes a ballot other than the ballot for the district in which the voter is qualified to vote, the votes for those offices and questions for which the voter would be otherwise qualified to vote shall be counted. All other votes shall be void. L.1999,c.232,s.23. NJSA 19:53C-18 Decision of county board final 24. The decision of a majority of the county board on any question concerning a provisional ballot matter shall be deemed the decision of the board and final. If any member of the board dissents from any decision and wishes to make the dissension known to avoid any of the consequences which may result from that decision, the member may record the dissent in the signature copy register, if it is available, or in a note signed and dated. If the dissent is in the form of a note, it shall be appended to or recorded on the signature copy register afterwards by the superintendent of elections or the commissioner of registration, as shall be appropriate. L.1999,c.232,s.24. NJSA 19:53C-19 Use of tally sheets 25. a. The clerk of the board shall, upon the tally sheets provided for that purpose, make a list of the names of all persons for whom one or more votes shall have been given, designating the office which that person shall be voted for, and of any public questions voted upon; and as each provisional ballot shall be read, the clerk shall write the figure "1" opposite the name of each person whose name is contained thereon, as designated for any office, or in the proper column designating the vote upon the public question. Provisional ballots may be counted by electronic ballot scanning equipment under the direction of the county board of elections. b. When all the votes which were cast have been read, examined and numbered, as directed, the board shall tally the votes given for each person for any office to be filled at the election or any public question and note the same upon the tally sheets. The tally sheets shall be signed by all the members of the county board and the results thereof shall be certified. L.1999,c.232,s.25. NJSA 19:53C-20 Votes tallied 26. Upon the receipt of a certified tally sheet from the county board, the county clerk shall add the votes contained thereon to the total vote for all candidates and in favor of or against all public questions cast at the polling place from which the tally sheet originated. The clerk shall report to the municipal clerks the results of the tally sheets by municipality, ward and election district. L.1999,c.232,s.26. NJSA 19:53C-21 List by district, number of provisional ballots used 2. Within 15 calendar days after an election other than the general election or three days after the certification of the results of that election, whichever occurs later, or in the case of a general election on the day of the certification of the results of the general election, the county board of election in each county shall prepare a report which lists by election district, and includes a county wide total by category for, the number of provisional ballots, including any spoiled, void, or invalid provisional ballots, used in the election. The report shall be a government record that is available for public inspection and copying pursuant to the provisions of P.L.1963, c.73 (C.47:1A-1 et seq.). L.2005,c.152,s.2; amended 2023, c.124, s.11. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:57 NJSA 19:57-27 Ballots not to be invalidated because of omissions, withdrawal of candidates 27. a. No absentee ballot shall be rejected or declared invalid because it does not contain all of the names of the candidates or all of the public questions to be voted for or upon in the election district in the election in which it is to be counted, and any absentee ballot shall be counted in determining the result of said election as to any office or public question, if the designation of the office and the name of the candidate for election to said office or the answer to such public question are written thereon so as to indicate the voter's choice, and notwithstanding that such designation, name or question may be or should have been printed or such choice indicated upon such military service ballot in the regular manner. b. No absentee ballot received from an absentee voter for any election shall be rejected or declared invalid and replaced because of the withdrawal of any candidate occurring after the ballot is received from the voter prior to the date of the election in which the ballot is to be counted. L.1953, c.211, s.27; repealed 2009, c.79, s.37; amended 2009, c.190. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:58 NJSA 19:58-1 Short title This act shall be known as and may be cited as the "Presidential Ballot Law (1964)." L.1964, c. 134, s. 1. NJSA 19:58-2 Definitions As used in this act unless the context otherwise indicates the following terms shall have the following meaning: " Removed Resident " means a person, who was formerly a resident of one of the counties of this State but who has, or shall have, removed to another state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Virgin Islands or to another county within this State, who has registered as a voter in the county of his former residence in this State at the time of his removal therefrom, and who by reason of an insufficient period of residence in the state or the county, to which he has or shall have removed, will not be able to qualify to vote at a Presidential Election to be held in such state or county or elsewhere, except as he may be qualified to vote in this State, or in such other county of this State, for the election of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States, pursuant to this act. " Presidential Election " means an election to be held for the election of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States. " Presidential Ballot " means a ballot to be cast at a Presidential Election pursuant to this act. L.1964, c. 134, s. 2. Amended by L.1972, c. 30, s. 1, eff. May 25, 1972; L.1976, c. 24, s. 1, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-3 Persons entitled to qualify and vote for presidential electors Any removed resident shall be entitled to qualify and vote for electors for President and Vice-President of the United States in any Presidential Election to be held in this State in the manner provided in this act. L.1964, c. 134, s. 3. Amended by L.1976, c. 24, s. 2, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-4 Certificate of disqualification of removed resident; authority for determination Any certificate filed by an applicant for a Presidential ballot as to the disqualification of a removed resident, who does not reside in this State, to vote for electors for President and Vice-President of the United States in the election district in which he resides shall be sufficient authority for said clerks and boards to make any determination in connection with the subject matter of such certificate. L.1964, c. 134, s. 4. Amended by L.1972, c. 30, s. 2, eff. May 25, 1972; L.1976, c. 24, s. 3, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-5 Obtaining application form for presidential ballot An application form for a Presidential ballot may be obtained from the clerk of the municipality, or the county clerk of the county, in which such applicant was last registered to vote in this State prior to the date of such election. L.1964, c. 134, s. 5. Amended by L.1976, c. 24, s. 4, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-6 Preparation of application forms for presidential ballots and forms of affidavits of residence; color of paper Application forms for Presidential ballots to be made by removed residents and forms of affidavits of residence shall be prepared by the county clerk and shall be printed on paper of a different color from that used for applications for military service and civilian absentee ballots and sufficient quantities thereof shall be furnished by the county clerk to each municipal clerk in his county not later than August 1 preceding such election. L.1964, c. 134, s. 6. Amended by L.1976, c. 24, s. 5, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-8 Application for presidential ballot by removed resident; form and contents An application for a Presidential ballot to be made by a removed resident shall be in substantially the following form: APPLICATION FOR PRESIDENTIAL BALLOT-- REMOVED RESIDENT I, the undersigned, do hereby apply for a Presidential ballot to be voted at the election to be held on and do hereby certify that: (date of election) 1. I am a citizen of the United States; 2. I was born on ; (date of birth) 3. I reside at (street and number or R.D. route) in in county in the (name of city or municipality) (name of county) State of and I have resided (name of state or, territory, commonwealth, or District of Columbia) at this address since my removal from my former address in New Jersey and expect to continue to reside there until and on the date of said election; 4. I formerly resided and was registered as a voter at (street and number or R.D. route) in in county in New (name of city or municipality) (name of county) Jersey and I continued to reside there until my removal to my present address; 5. I am unable to vote in said election at any place other than that of my former residence in New Jersey, where I believe that I am eligible to vote for electors for President and Vice-President of the United States by a Presidential ballot. Applicant (signature) Applicant (print name here) L.1964, c. 134, s. 8. Amended by L.1972, c. 30, s. 3, eff. May 25, 1972; L.1976, c. 24, s. 7, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-9 Time and manner of application; certificate of registration officer in election district in which removed resident resides Applications for Presidential ballots shall be made, as prescribed by this act, to the clerk of the county, in which the ballot is to be voted, in person or by mail not later than 7 days preceding the date upon which the election, in which such ballots are to be voted, is to be held. Each application for a Presidential ballot by a removed resident, who does not reside in this State shall be accompanied by a certificate of the commissioner of registration or other officer in charge of registration of voters in the election district in which the applicant resides, certifying that the applicant will not be entitled to vote for the electors for President and Vice-President of the United States in such election district, at the election at which such ballot is to be voted, by reason of an insufficient period of residence in the state to which he has so removed. L.1964, c. 134, s. 9. Amended by L.1972, c. 30, s. 4, eff. May 25, 1972; L.1976, c. 24, s. 8, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-10 Form of presidential ballot The county clerk shall prescribe the form of the Presidential ballots, which shall in all respects conform with the provisions of this act and shall be of such character that they can be voted only for the election of electors for President and Vice-President of the United States nominated in this State and shall be plainly marked "Presidential Ballot." L.1964, c. 134, s. 10. NJSA 19:58-11 Duty of county clerk to furnish presidential ballots, inner and outer envelopes, and directions; payment of expenses Each county clerk shall cause to be printed a sufficient number of Presidential ballots for each Presidential election to be held in this State and along with all such ballots there shall also be furnished by the county clerk inner and outer envelopes which shall be of different color than those used to enclose military service and civilian absentee ballots, and also printed directions for the preparation and transmitting of such ballots and all expenses of printing and mailing such ballots shall be paid in the same manner as other expenses of such election are paid. L.1964, c. 134, s. 11. NJSA 19:58-12 List of applicants; inspection Each county clerk, upon receipt of applications for Presidential ballots for removed residents shall make a list of them according to the municipalities of the addresses, or former addresses, in this State of the voters making such applications, which list shall be open to examination at all times by the county board of elections, the commissioner of registration, and the superintendent of elections in counties in which there is a superintendent of elections, of the county. L.1964, c. 134, s. 12. Amended by L.1976, c. 24, s. 9, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-13 Examination and approval of qualifications of applicant; investigations Upon receipt of any application for a Presidential ballot, the county clerk shall make an examination, from any available information, to determine whether or not such applicant is qualified to vote a Presidential ballot as applied for and in the case of an application by a removed resident, he shall, with the co-operation of the commissioner of registration of the county, cause the signature of the applicant appearing upon the application to be compared with the signature of said person appearing upon his permanent registration forms. If, after such examination, the county clerk is satisfied that the applicant is entitled to such a Presidential ballot, he shall mark on the application "Approved," but otherwise he shall mark on the application "Disapproved" and shall so notify the applicant stating the reason therefor but no application for a Presidential ballot shall be disapproved because the name of the applicant is not printed thereon, if the signature is legible. The commissioner of registration and the superintendent of elections in counties having superintendents of elections may investigate any application for any Presidential ballot. L.1964, c. 134, s. 13. NJSA 19:58-14 Transfer of permanent registration forms of removed residents The county clerk, upon receipt of an application for a Presidential ballot, based upon the applicant's removal from this State to another state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, or the Virgin Islands, or from one county of this State to another county of this State, shall notify the commissioner of registration thereof and the commissioner of registration shall thereupon transfer the applicant's permanent registration forms to a Presidential ballot file until after the election and then to the inactive file. L.1964, c. 134, s. 14. Amended by L.1972, c. 30, s. 5, eff. May 25, 1972; L.1976, c. 24, s. 10, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-15 Delivery of ballots; deadline for applications Each county clerk shall deliver a Presidential ballot for use under this act, to each applicant, whose application therefor has been so approved, in person, or by forwarding the same by first-class mail, in a sealed envelope, to the applicant's present address as given in the application, if said application is received not less than 8 days prior to the day fixed for the holding of the election in which such ballot is to be voted. Such ballots shall be forwarded as soon as practicable after the receipt and approval of the applications therefor, and if to be forwarded to persons at an address located without the limits of the 50 States and the District of Columbia by mail, they shall be forwarded by air mail. L.1964, c. 134, s. 15. NJSA 19:58-16 Forwarding applications and accompanying certificates to county board of elections; list of applications Each county clerk, after processing the applications for Presidential ballots, in the manner prescribed by this act, shall forward such applications, including those disapproved, together with any certificates accompanying the same, to the county board of elections and he shall keep a list of such applications showing the disposition thereof, which shall be made available to the public and all election officers charged with the duty of administering this act. L.1964, c. 134, s. 16. NJSA 19:58-17 Directions to be sent with ballots; envelopes Each county clerk shall send, with each Presidential ballot, appropriate printed directions for the preparation and transmission of such ballot, together with an inner and outer envelope of the character described in the act hereby supplemented in the case of civilian absentee ballots, except that there shall be printed on each inner envelope a legend which shall read "Removed Resident--Presidential Ballot" . L.1964, c. 134, s. 17. Amended by L.1976, c. 24, s. 11, eff. May 7, 1976. NJSA 19:58-19 Certificate; form 19. Upon the said margin of said flap on the inner envelope to be sent to a removed resident there shall be printed a certificate in affidavit form substantially as follows: State of ........................ County of ......................., or (if applicable) Country of ...................... I, the undersigned, do hereby certify that: 1. I am a citizen of the United States; 2. I was born on ......................(date of birth) 3. I reside at ............................................. (street and number or R.D. route)in..............................(name of city or municipality) in ............................... (name of county) County in the State of ................................. (name of state, territory, commonwealth, or District of Columbia) and I have resided at this address since my removal from my former address in New Jersey and expect to continue to reside there until and on the date of said election; 4. I formerly resided at .....................................(street and number or R.D. route) in .............................. (name of city or municipality)in ...........................(name of county)county in New Jersey and I was registered as a voter, and continued to reside at said address until my removal to my present address; 5. Because of the insufficient period of my residence at my present address, ................................................. I am unable to vote at the election to be held on ................(date of election) but I believe that I am eligible to vote at my former residence in the State of New Jersey for electors for President and Vice-President of the United States at such election. ............................ Applicant(SIGNATURE) ............................ Applicant(PRINT name here) L.1964,c.134,s.19; amended 1968,c.238,s.14; 1972,c.30,s.6; 1976,c.24,s.13; 1994,c.77,s.15. NJSA 19:58-20 Certification of names and addresses of recipients of ballots Each county clerk shall, from time to time, prior to each Presidential election, certify in writing, under oath, to the commissioner of registration of the county, the names and home addresses of the persons to whom Presidential ballots to be voted at such election have been delivered or forwarded pursuant to this act. L.1964, c. 134, s. 20. NJSA 19:58-21 Marking and handling of presidential ballots by voters Any voter shall be entitled to mark any Presidential ballot, so forwarded to him, for voting at any election by indicating his choice of candidates for the offices named. When so marked, such ballot shall be placed in said inner envelope, which shall then be sealed, and the voter shall then fill in the form of certificate attached to said inner envelope, at the end of which he shall sign and print his name in his own handwriting. The inner envelope with the certificate shall then be placed in said outer envelope, which shall then be sealed. L.1964, c. 134, s. 21. Amended by L.1968, c. 238, s. 15, eff. July 1, 1968. NJSA 19:58-22 Mailing of ballots to county board of elections Said sealed outer envelope with the inner envelope and the ballot enclosed therein, shall then be mailed with sufficient postage to the county board of elections to which it is addressed, or shall be presented in person to the county board of elections at the office of said board. L.1964, c. 134, s. 22. NJSA 19:58-23 Completed ballots; handling by county boards 23. The county board of elections shall, promptly after receiving each Presidential ballot, remove the inner envelope, containing the ballot, from the outer envelope and shall compare the signature and the information contained on the flap of the inner envelope with the signature and information contained in the application for the ballot together with the affidavit of residence, if any, accompanying the same. The county board shall reject any such ballot unless the board is satisfied as a result of such comparison and any other source of information available that the voter is legally entitled to vote such a ballot and that the ballot conforms with the requirements of this act. Disputes as to the qualifications of voters to vote Presidential ballots or as to whether or not or how such Presidential ballots shall be counted in such election shall be referred to the Superior Court of the county for determination. After such investigation the county board of elections shall detach or separate the certificate from the inner envelope containing the Presidential ballots, unless it has been rejected by it or by the Superior Court, marking the envelope so as to identify the election district in which the ballot contained therein is to be voted as indicated by the voter's present or former address in this State on the certificate attached to or accompanying said inner envelope. L.1964,c.134,s.23; amended 1991,c.91,s.262. NJSA 19:58-25 Ballots received prior to closing of polls counted; validity of ballots notwithstanding absence of voter's name on certificate All valid Presidential ballots received by the county boards prior to the time designated for the closing of the polls for each election shall be counted and no Presidential ballot shall be rejected or declared invalid because the voter's name is not printed on the certificate upon the flap of the inner envelope enclosing the same, if such certificate is properly and legibly signed and it otherwise conforms with the provisions of this act. L.1964, c. 134, s. 25. NJSA 19:58-26 Person receiving presidential ballot not to vote in person No person who has applied for a Presidential ballot and to whom such a ballot has been either delivered in person or forwarded by mail by a county clerk, shall be permitted to vote in person at the polling place in his election district on the day of the election, but a Presidential ballot properly authenticated in the manner provided by this act may be voted and counted notwithstanding that the voter is in the State on the day of the election. L.1964, c. 134, s. 26. NJSA 19:58-27 Death of voter Whenever it shall be made to appear by due proof to the county board that a voter who has marked and forwarded a Presidential ballot as provided in this act has died, prior to the opening of the polls on the day of the election, such ballot shall be rejected by the county board and retained by the county board in the same manner as provided herein in cases of other rejected ballots. L.1964, c. 134, s. 27. NJSA 19:58-28 Canvass of presidential ballots The inner envelopes containing the Presidential ballots shall be opened and the Presidential ballots shall be removed therefrom and counted, and the votes so cast canvassed, and the results thereof certified, by the county board of elections and the votes so counted and canvassed shall be counted, in determining the result of the election of such electors, at the same time and in the same manner as is required by the act hereby supplemented in the case of absentee ballots, except that it shall only be necessary to count or canvass such votes on a county wide basis and not on a ward and district basis. L.1964, c. 134, s. 28. Amended by L.1972, c. 86, s. 1, eff. July 10, 1972. NJSA 19:58-29 Marking of Statewide voter registration system, duplicate voting records 29. As soon as practicable after each election, the commissioner of registration shall cause to be marked the Statewide voter registration system and all duplicate voting records to show that a Presidential ballot was delivered or forwarded to the respective registered voters. For each such ballot that has been voted, received and counted, the commissioner of registration shall also, by reference to the certificates removed from the inner envelopes of such ballots, cause to be noted the words "Voted by Presidential Ballot" in the space provided in the Statewide voter registration system and duplicate voting record for recording the ballot number of the voter's ballot in such election. The record of voting forms in the Presidential ballot file shall be conformed to the foregoing entries in the duplicate forms. L.1964,c.134,s.29; amended 2005, c.145, s.25. NJSA 19:58-30 Ballots and other papers 30. The county board of elections shall keep, for a period of one year, all of the affidavits of residence and applications for Presidential ballots, together with all certificates accompanying the same, all voted Presidential ballots, and all of the certificates which have been detached or separated by said board from said inner envelopes, and all inner envelopes together with their certificates, and together with their contents, which have not been opened because the county board or the Superior Court rejected them. Specific power is hereby granted to the superintendent of elections in counties having a superintendent of elections and the prosecutor in all other counties to impound all such ballots whenever he shall deem such action to be necessary. L.1964,c.134,s.30; amended 1991,c.91,s.263. NJSA 19:58-31 Powers of county board, clerk, superintendent and commissioner over voting by presidential ballot The county board of elections, the county clerk, the superintendent of elections and the commissioner of registration shall exercise the same powers over voting by Presidential ballots as over other voting in elections except as otherwise provided in this act. L.1964, c. 134, s. 31. NJSA 19:58-32 Validity of election not affected by irregularities No election shall be held to be invalid by reason of any irregularity or failure in the preparation or forwarding of any Presidential ballots pursuant to the provisions of this act. L.1964, c. 134, s. 32. NJSA 19:58-33 Violations; disenfranchisement. 33. Any person who knowingly violates any of the provisions of this act, or who, not being entitled to vote under this act, fraudulently votes, or attempts to vote thereunder or enables, or attempts to enable another person, not entitled to vote thereunder, to vote thereunder, or who prevents or attempts to prevent by fraud the voting of any person legally entitled to vote under this act, or who knowingly certifies falsely in any paper required to be executed under this act, shall be guilty of a crime of the third degree and upon conviction thereof shall be subject, in addition to such other penalties as are authorized by law, to disenfranchisement while serving a sentence of incarceration unless and until pardoned or restored by law to the right of suffrage. L.1964, c.134, s.33; amended 2005, c.154, s.59; 2019, c.270, s.8. NJSA Title 19 - Elections 19:59 NJSA 19:59-1 Short title amended 1. This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Overseas Residents Absentee Voting Law." L.1976, c.23, s.1; amended 2008, c.61, s.1. NJSA 19:59-2 Definitions 2. As used in this act: a. "United States" means each of the several states, the District of Columbia, Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa and the United States Virgin Islands; the term does not mean or include the Canal Zone or any other territory or possession of the United States. b. "Residing abroad" means residing outside the United States. c. "Federal election" means any general, special or primary held for the purpose of nominating or electing any candidate for the office of President or Vice President of the United States, Presidential elector, United States Senator or member of the United States House of Representatives. d. "Election" shall have the same meaning as defined in R.S.19:1-1, and include any federal, State, or local election, and any public question placed before the voters. e. "Overseas voter" means any person in military service, or that person's spouse, partner in civil union, domestic partner, or dependent, who, by reason of the person's active duty or service, is, in the case of the person, absent on the date of an election from the place of residence in New Jersey where the person is or would be qualified to vote, or in the case of the person's spouse, partner in civil union, domestic partner, or dependent, absent on the date of an election from the place of residence in New Jersey where that spouse, partner in civil union, domestic partner, or dependent, is or would be qualified to vote. The term also means any citizen of the United States temporarily residing abroad who (1) immediately prior to departure from the United States was domiciled in New Jersey and (a) was last registered to vote, or last eligible to register and vote, in New Jersey; or (b) would have been eligible to register and vote in New Jersey except that the citizen had not attained 18 years of age the requirement of which has since been met; or (c) would have been eligible to register and vote in New Jersey except that the citizen had not met the residency requirement; (2) is not registered or qualified to vote elsewhere in the United States; (3) holds a valid passport or passport card or other proof of citizenship issued under authority of the Secretary of State of the United States; (4) does not establish permanent residency in any other state or country; and (5) has the intent to return to New Jersey. f. "Overseas federal election voter" means any citizen of the United States who was born outside of the United States, is not an "overseas voter" under subsection e. of this section or an "overseas State and federal voter" under subsection l. of this section, and, except for the residency requirement of New Jersey, otherwise satisfies the State's voter eligibility requirements, if the last place where a parent, legal guardian, spouse, partner in civil union, or domestic partner of the voter was, or under P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-1 et seq.) would have been, eligible to register and vote before departure from the United States is within New Jersey and the voter has not previously registered to vote elsewhere in the United States. g. "Electronic means" means any transmission made by an electronic telefacsimile machine or a similar device or by any other form of electronic transmission including, but not exclusive to electronic mail, that transports an authentic copy of a document from one user to another. h. "Dependent" means an individual recognized as a dependent by a military service. i. "Federal postcard application" means the application prescribed under section 101 of Pub.L.99-410 (42 U.S.C. s.1973ff(b)(2)). j. "Federal write-in absentee ballot" means the ballot described under section 103 of Pub.L.99-410 (42 U.S.C. s.1973ff-2). k. "Military service" means the active and reserve components of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard of the United States; the Merchant Marine; the commissioned corps of the Public Health Service or the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration of the United States; or the National Guard or State militia. l. "Overseas State and federal voter" means any citizen of the United States residing abroad who does not intend to return or whose intent to return is uncertain and who (1) immediately prior to departure from the United States was domiciled in New Jersey and (a) was last registered to vote, or last eligible to register and vote, in New Jersey; or (b) would have been eligible to register and vote in New Jersey except that the citizen had not attained 18 years of age the requirement of which has since been met; or (c) would have been eligible to register and vote in New Jersey except that the citizen had not met the residency requirement; (2) is not registered or qualified to vote elsewhere in the United States; and (3) holds a valid passport or passport card or other proof of citizenship issued under authority of the Secretary of State of the United States. m. "State election" means any general, special, or primary election held for the purpose of nominating or electing the office of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, New Jersey State Senator, or a member of the New Jersey General Assembly, or a State public question placed before all voters of the State. "State election" shall not include any local election or any local public question placed before less than all voters of the State. L.1976, c.23, s.2; amended 1993, c.73, s.4; 2008, c.61, s.2; 2017, c.39, s.1; 2022, c.72, s.1. NJSA 19:59-3 Registration of overseas voter, oversea federal election voter 3. Upon compliance with the provisions of this act, P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-1 et seq.), as amended by P.L.2017, c.39: a. any person meeting the qualifications of an overseas voter may register to vote and may apply for and vote by mail-in ballot in any election held in the election district of this State in which the voter was formerly domiciled; b. any person meeting the qualifications of an overseas federal election voter may register to vote and may apply for and vote by mail-in ballot in any federal election held in the election district of this State in which the voter, or in the case of an overseas federal election voter who was born outside of the United States described in subsection f. of section 2 of P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-2), in which the voter's parent, legal guardian, spouse, partner in civil union, or domestic partner was formerly domiciled; and c. any person meeting the qualifications of an overseas State and federal voter as described in subsection l. of section 2 of P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-2) may register to vote and may apply for and vote by mail in a State election described in subsection m. of section 2 of P.L. 1976, c.23 (C.19:59-2) and a federal election described in subsection c. of section 2 of P.L. 1976, c.23 (C.19:59-2) held in the election district of this State in which the voter was formerly domiciled. L.1976, c.23, s.3; amended 1993, c.73, s.5; 2008, c.61, s.3; 2017, c.39, s.2; 2022, c.72, s.2. NJSA 19:59-4 Request for application; qualification to vote 4. a. Requests for an application to vote in any election as an overseas voter or a federal election as an overseas federal election voter or a State election or federal election as an overseas State and federal election voter may be made by or on behalf of an applicant to the county clerk of the county in which the applicant, or in the case of an overseas federal election voter who was born outside of the United States described in subsection f. of section 2 of P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-2), in which the voter's parent, legal guardian, spouse, partner in civil union, or domestic partner, was formerly domiciled, or to the Secretary of State of New Jersey if the applicant does not know the county of former domicile. All such applications shall be forwarded to such voters by air mail or electronic means, if so requested by the voter. Any overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal voter requesting that an application for a ballot be sent to that voter by electronic means shall supply in the request to the Secretary of State or the county clerk, as appropriate, the telephone number and location to which the application is to be sent or the electronic address of the voter, as may be appropriate, and, if known, the address where the voter, or the voter's parent, legal guardian, spouse, partner in civil union, or domestic partner, as appropriate, was domiciled before departure from the United States. To qualify for a ballot to be sent by air mail, the applicant's completed application shall be received by the appropriate county clerk or the Secretary of State on or before the thirtieth day preceding the election. To qualify for a ballot to be distributed by electronic means, the applicant's completed application shall be received by the appropriate county clerk or the Secretary of State on or before the fourth day preceding the election. b. An overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal voter may use the federal postcard application form to register to vote or to apply for an overseas ballot for any election in which the voter is eligible to vote. The voter may send the form by air mail or electronic means to either the appropriate county clerk or the Secretary of State and, in the case of the use of a federal postcard application for a ballot, may request that the ballot be sent by air mail or electronic means. Any federal postcard application for a ballot sent by an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal voter and received by a county clerk or the Secretary of State shall also be considered a request for registration if that voter is not already registered. L.1976, c.23, s.4; amended 1978, c.130, s.1; 1993, c.73, s.6; 1995, c.195, s.1; 2008, c.61, s.4; 2017, c.39, s.3; 2022, c.72, s.3. NJSA 19:59-5 Application form 5. a. Other than a federal postcard application, an application for a ballot by an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter shall be in substantially the following form: I the undersigned, certify the following as a basis for an application as citizen of the United States residing outside the United States to receive a ballot to be voted at the election to be held on ........ (date of election) for .......... (fill in elected office or public question, or both): 1. I am a citizen of the United States; 2. I presently reside at .................... (if mail should be addressed other than to my residence, also provide address for mail); 3. I was born on ..................... (month, day, year) 4. I hold a: a. valid U.S. Passport # ............, dated .........., or b. valid U.S. Passport Card # .........., dated .........., or c. valid Certificate of Citizenship, dated .........., or d. other valid form of identification recognized as such under federal or state law: .......... (form of identification), dated ........... 5. a. Immediately prior to taking up residence abroad I was domiciled in New Jersey and resided at ............ (street address), .............. (municipality), .............. (county) (If formerly registered to vote from that address check here ( ) ), or b. I was born outside of the United States and my parent, legal guardian, spouse, partner in civil union, or domestic partner, before leaving the United States, was last domiciled in New Jersey, residing at .......... (street address), .......... (municipality), ..........(county). 6. I am not registered, entitled or applying to vote in any state other than New Jersey. 7. I understand that any false statement knowingly made in this application subjects me to the penalties provided by law for fraudulent voting. .................... ..................... Applicant (Signature) Dated:....................... .........................Applicant (Print or type name) b. There shall also be sent to the applicant by air mail or electronic means such instructions and portions of the law or regulations as the Secretary of State shall direct. c. Any overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter requesting that a ballot be sent to that voter by electronic means shall indicate on the application for the ballot the telephone number and location to which the ballot is to be sent or the electronic address of the voter, as may be appropriate. L.1976, c.23, s.5; amended 1978, c.130, s.2; 1993, c.73, s.7; 2008, c.61, s.5; 2017, c.39, s.4; 2022, c.72, s.4. NJSA 19:59-6 Approval; lists; inspection; delivery to county board 6. Each county clerk, upon receipt of an application for a ballot by an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter, including a federal postcard application, shall determine whether or not the applicant is qualified to vote such a ballot, make a list of those applications approved and disapproved, which list shall be open to inspection by election officials and the public, and shall forward an overseas ballot to each person whose application is approved. For each voter whose application is approved, the county clerk shall deliver to the county board of elections the completed application form for retention by the board for signature comparison with that on the certificate on the inner envelope containing the ballot upon its receipt. L.1976, c.23, s.6; amended 2008, c.61, s.6; 2017, c.39, s.5; 2022, c.72, s.5. NJSA 19:59-7 Form of ballot 7. The county clerk shall prescribe the form of the ballot for overseas voters and overseas federal election voters and overseas State and federal election voters. L.1976, c.23, s.7; amended 2008, c.61, s.7; 2017, c.39, s.6; 2022, c.72, s.6. NJSA 19:59-8 Instructions for completion, return of ballots; notice 8. a. Each county clerk shall send by air mail, with each ballot for an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter transmitted by such means, appropriate printed instructions for its completion and return, together with an inner and outer envelope similar to that required as to civilian vote by mail ballots with a legend on the inner envelope stating "Ballot for Overseas Voter," "Ballot for Overseas Federal Election Voter," or "Ballot for Overseas State and Federal Election Voter," as appropriate. b. Each county clerk shall send to each overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter requesting that a ballot be sent to that voter by electronic means all appropriate printed instructions for its completion and return. The printed instructions sent to each such voter shall include a certificate substantially the same as provided for in section 9 of P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-9). c. The printed instructions sent with each ballot to an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter, including instructions sent by electronic means, shall include a copy of the following notice: PENALTY FOR FRAUDULENT VOTING Any person who knowingly violates any of the provisions of the Overseas Residents Absentee Voting Law, or who, not being entitled to vote thereunder, fraudulently votes or attempts to vote thereunder or enables or attempts to enable another person, not entitled to vote thereunder, to vote fraudulently thereunder or who prevents or attempts to prevent by fraud the voting of any person legally entitled to vote under this act, shall be guilty of an indictable offense, and upon conviction thereof shall be subject, in addition to such other penalties as are authorized by law, to disenfranchisement while serving a sentence of incarceration unless and until pardoned or restored by law to the right of suffrage. L.1976, c.23, s.8; amended 1978, c.130, s.3; 1993, c.73, s.8; 2008, c.61, s.8; 2017, c.39, s.11; 2019, c.270, s.9; 2022, c.72, s.7. NJSA 19:59-8.1 Processing overseas voter, overseas federal election voter requests, transmittal by electronic means 12. Whenever a county clerk receives a request by electronic means from an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter that a ballot be sent to that person by electronic means, the county clerk shall verify the voter's eligibility to vote as an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter in the State and the county desired. If the overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter is eligible to vote therein, the county clerk shall send the appropriate ballot to the voter at least 45 days before the day of the election and thereafter by electronic means using the telephone number or electronic address supplied by the voter for that purpose. If the overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter is not eligible to vote in the State or the county desired, notice of noneligibility shall be provided to the voter by electronic means as soon as practicable after the receipt of the request. L.1993, c.73, s.12; amended 2008, c.61, s.9; 2011, c.37, s.25; 2017, c.39, s.12; 2022, c.72, s.8. NJSA 19:59-9 Printing of certificate upon margin of flap of inner envelope 9. Upon the margin of the flap of the inner envelope to be sent to an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter shall be printed a certificate substantially as follows: I, the undersigned, residing at .................................. am the person who applied for, received and voted the enclosed Ballot. Dated:................... ..............................Voter (SIGNATURE) ..............................Voter (PRINT or type name) L.1976, c.23, s.9; amended 1994, c.77, s.16; 2008, c.61, s.10; 2017, c.39, s.13; 2022, c.72, s.9. NJSA 19:59-10 Completion, transmittal of ballot 10. a. For ballots sent to overseas voters or overseas federal election voters or overseas State and federal election voters, other than such ballots sent to the voter by electronic means, the procedure for completing the ballot shall be as follows: Upon completion of the ballot by indicating the voter's choice of candidates for the offices named or the voter's choice regarding a public question, or both, the ballot shall be placed in the inner envelope and sealed. Upon completion and signing in the voter's handwriting the certificate attached to the inner envelope, the inner envelope shall be placed in the outer envelope, which when sealed shall be mailed postage prepaid to the county board of elections whose address is printed thereon. b. For ballots sent to overseas voters or overseas federal election voters or overseas State and federal election voters by electronic means, the procedure for completing the ballot shall be as follows: After the ballot is received and completed by the voter by indicating that person's choice of candidates for the offices named or that person's choice regarding a public question, or both, the ballot shall be placed in a secure envelope. Upon completion and signing in the voter's handwriting of the certificate sent to the voter pursuant to section 8 of P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-8), it shall be placed in the same envelope as the voted ballot. The envelope shall then be sealed securely and sent immediately by air mail to the appropriate county board of elections in this State. c. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections a. and b. of this section, a copy of an overseas voter's or overseas federal election voter's or overseas State and federal election voter's ballot may be transmitted by electronic means to the appropriate county board of elections in this State. Such a ballot shall be subject to the provisions of sections 3 and 4 of P.L.1995, c.195 (C.19:59-14 and C.19:59-15). L.1976, c.23, s.10; amended 2008, c.61, s.7; 2017, c.39, s.6; 2022, c.72, s.10. NJSA 19:59-11 Receiving and handling of ballots 11. Upon receipt of each ballot from an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter, other than a ballot which had been sent by electronic means to an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter, the signature on the certificate on the inner envelope shall be compared to that on the person's application. All ballots, whether originally sent to an overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter by air mail or electronic means, shall be approved, disapproved, processed, counted and disputes in connection therewith shall be handled in the same manner as is applicable to other vote by mail ballots. No ballot received after the time designated for the closing of the polls shall be counted. L.1976, c.23, s.11; amended 1993, c.73, s.10; 2008, c.61, s.12; 2017, c.39, s.14; 2022, c.72, s.11. NJSA 19:59-12 Request for ballots, transmittal 12. An overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter may request, on any application form used, a ballot for all elections held during the calendar year in which the request is made and in which the voter is eligible to vote. Any instructions sent to an applicant pursuant to section 5 of P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-5) shall inform the applicant that such a request may be made. If such a request is made, a ballot shall be sent in a timely manner to the voter for all such elections in which the voter is eligible to vote and by the transmission method first requested by the voter unless the voter instructs otherwise. L.1976, c.23, s.12; amended 1993, c.73, s.11; 2008, c.61, s.13; 2017, c.39, s.8; 2022, c.72, s.12. NJSA 19:59-13 Rules and regulations 13. To effectuate the purposes of this act, P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-1 et seq.), and its administration, the Secretary of State is authorized to promulgate such rules and regulations as he deems necessary and desirable. L.1976, c.23, s.13; amended 2008, c.61, s.14. NJSA 19:59-14 Validity of voted overseas ballot transmitted by electronic means 3. Notwithstanding any law, rule or regulation to the contrary, a copy of an overseas voter's or overseas federal election voter's or overseas State and federal election voter's voted ballot, or a voted federal write-in absentee ballot, which is transmitted by electronic means to the appropriate county board of elections in this State shall be considered valid and counted if it: a. is from a qualified voter; b. has been transmitted to the appropriate county board of elections no later than the time designated by law for the closing of the polls on that day; and c. is accompanied by the following statement, which shall be certified by the voter's signature: "I understand that by transmitting by electronic means a copy of my voted ballot I am voluntarily waiving my right to a secret ballot. At the same time, I pledge to place the original voted ballot in a secure envelope, together with any other required certification, and send the documents immediately by air mail to the appropriate county board of elections." L.1995, c.195, s.3; amended 2008, c.61, s.15; 2017, c.39, s.15; 2022, c.72, s.13. NJSA 19:59-15 Procedure relative to ballot transmission by electronic means 4. a. Immediately after a copy of an overseas voter's or overseas federal election voter's or overseas State and federal election voter's voted ballot, or a voted federal write-in absentee ballot, has been transmitted by electronic means to the appropriate county board of elections, as permitted pursuant to section 3 of P.L.1995, c.195 (C.19:59-14), the overseas voter or overseas federal election voter or overseas State and federal election voter shall place the original voted ballot in a secure envelope, together with a certificate substantially the same as provided for in section 9 of P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-9), and send the documents by air mail to the appropriate county board of elections. b. All copies of voted ballots received by electronic means shall be approved, disapproved, processed and counted, and disputes in connection therewith shall be handled, in the same manner as is applicable to other vote by mail ballots. No ballot received after the time designated for the closing of the polls shall be counted. c. The county board of elections shall take all necessary precautions to preserve the security of the ballot materials and specifically shall ensure that the vote cast by a voter using a ballot transmitted by electronic means is not revealed, except to the extent necessary by law or judicial determination. Upon the completion of all inspections of a ballot transmitted by electronic means required by law, the board or any employee thereof acting under its direction shall promptly separate the waiver certification from the ballot transmitted by electronic means. Any person handling such a ballot shall not identify the votes cast by any voter, except upon judicial determination. d. Prior to certification of the results of the election, the county board shall: (1) compare the information on the copy transmitted by electronic means of each voted ballot with the same on the original voted ballot sent by air mail by the voter who transmitted to the county board a copy of the voted ballot by electronic means, and the signature on the statement received by electronic means with the signature on the certificate received by air mail; and (2) ascertain whether an original voted ballot has been received for each copy of a voted ballot received by electronic means and counted. Whenever the particulars of the copy of a voted ballot transmitted by electronic means do not conform exactly with the particulars of the original voted ballot sent by air mail to the county board afterwards by that voter and whenever an original voted ballot has not been received which corresponds to a copy of a voted ballot transmitted by electronic means which has been received and counted by the county board, those ballots and all other pertinent documents and information relative to those ballots shall be turned over to the superintendent of elections in counties having a superintendent and the prosecutor in all other counties for further investigation and action. e. Within 30 days after the election, the county board shall gather and keep together the copy of the voted ballot transmitted by electronic means, the certified statement and the original voted ballot sent by air mail of each voter who transmitted a copy of a voted ballot by electronic means. Those ballots needed for an investigation conducted by the superintendent of elections or the county prosecutor, as the case may be, or by any other law enforcement official shall be returned to the county board as soon as practicable after the conclusion of the investigation. All ballots and documents relative to a copy of a voted ballot transmitted by electronic means and received by the county board shall be retained by it for a period of one year following the day of the election. The superintendent of elections in counties having a superintendent and the prosecutor in all other counties shall have the authority to impound all such documents whenever the superintendent or prosecutor shall deem such action necessary. L.1995, c.195, s.4; amended 2008, c.61, s.16; 2017, c.39, s.16; 2022, c.72, s.14. NJSA 19:59-16 Information provided to overseas voters, overseas federal elections voters 26. For the purpose of complying with the federal "Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act," 52 U.S.C. s.20301 et seq., the office of the Secretary of State shall: a. be designated as the single State office responsible for providing information to all overseas voters and overseas federal election voters and overseas State and federal election voters who wish to register to vote or vote in any jurisdiction in the State with respect to voter registration procedures and vote by mail procedures to be used by overseas voters and overseas federal election voters or overseas State and federal election voters for all elections in which the voter is eligible to vote; b. work with the federal Election Assistance Commission and the federal Department of Defense to develop standards to report data on the number of ballots transmitted and received by mail or electronic means by overseas voters or overseas federal election voters or overseas State and federal election voters pursuant to the "Overseas Residents Absentee Voting Law," P.L.1976, c.23 (C.19:59-1 et seq.) and section 7 of P.L.2004, c.88 (C.19:61-7); and c. provide such additional information relating to voting by overseas voters and overseas federal election voters and overseas State and federal election voters from this State as the Department of Defense determines is necessary. L.2011, c.34, s.26; amended 2017, c.39, s.9; 2022, c.72, s.15. Directory Schedule Grant Information NJ Flag Status Press Releases Commemorative Dates Pay-to-Play Ordinances Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Employment Opportunities Statutes & Rules Proposed/Adopted Rules Reports Request for Proposals e-Notification Lists Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate