Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-0730a.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 30, 2019, BAC Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Secretary of State Tahesha Way Announces Donna Rendeiro as Executive Director of the Office of Planning Advocacy TRENTON, NJ – Acting Governor Sheila Oliver and Secretary of State Tahesha Way today announced the appointment of Donna Rendeiro as Executive Director of the Office of Planning Advocacy and the Secretary of the New Jersey State Planning Commission. Donna, who begins her service in August, had previously served as Chief of Administration for the New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency. “Donna has a tremendous knowledge base with a long history of experience and proven results in planning and urban revitalization in this State,” said Acting Governor Oliver, who also serves as Commissioner of the Department of Community Affairs. “Governor Murphy and I are absolutely thrilled about her recent appointment to this critical role in the Office of Planning Advocacy and look forward to working with her to help revitalize our communities and spur economic growth.” “I am pleased to welcome Donna Rendeiro to the Department of State, where she will lead the Office of Planning Advocacy,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way . “As Executive Director, Donna brings a wealth of knowledge and experience with planning in New Jersey and the role it plays in spurring redevelopment and growing our economy.” "I am proud to have this opportunity to contribute to the state and its land use and growth policies,” said Donna Rendeiro, incoming Executive Director of the Office of Planning Advocacy. “In the densest state in the country, we need to provide thoughtful and appropriate guidance that revitalizes our urban communities while maintaining and preserving the beauty of New Jersey’s natural environment. Our children and grandchildren deserve nothing less than a healthy and prosperous future." “Donna is well-versed in state planning issues and will be a valuable addition to the Office of Planning Advocacy,” said Melanie Willoughby, Executive Director of the New Jersey Business Action Center. “Our goal is to support our communities and encourage thoughtful redevelopment. Donna understands the importance of good planning and is the right person to move us forward.” Donna Rendeiro will serve as the next Executive Director of the Office of Planning Advocacy and Secretary of the New Jersey State Planning Commission, overseeing New Jersey’s strategic planning efforts in conjunction with our partners at the municipal and county levels. She brings a wealth of expertise in administration, community planning, Smart Growth planning, brownfields redevelopment and government operations. Between 2011 and 2019, Donna served as the Chief of Administration for the New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency. Prior to that, Donna was Director of Community Planning at the New Jersey Redevelopment Authority, Acting Executive Director at the Department of Community Affairs Office of Smart Growth and a Brownfields and Special Projects Policy Manager. Donna worked in private industry as a branch manager at Citicorp/Citibank. The Office of Planning Advocacy staffs the New Jersey State Planning Commission and the New Jersey Brownfields Redevelopment Task Force. Through the State Development and Redevelopment Plan, the office works to improve the efficiency and reduce the costs of land development and infrastructure in New Jersey by expanding areas of coordination and cooperation among State and local agencies. Formed as the Office of State Planning in 1986 to staff the State Planning Commission in developing and implementing the State Development and Redevelopment Plan, the office also pursues other activities to improve intergovernmental coordination and cooperation as defined by the State Planning Act. Currently, the office is in the process of engaging over 95 municipalities to determine expiration or extension of town center designations, pursuant to the State Planning Act. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate