Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-1223.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - December 23, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Secretary Way Visits Israel for American Jewish Committee’s Project Interchange Last week, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way visited Israel with a delegation of 10 other Secretaries of State from across the United States, as part of American Jewish Committee’s Project Interchange. “I was honored to travel to Israel representing New Jersey, where we are home to more than half a million people of Jewish descent and have the fourth highest Israeli population in the nation,” said Secretary Way. “New Jersey and Israel are similar in size, population, and diversity, and we often face similar challenges. This week was an incredible opportunity to learn more about our shared experiences and common values, strengthening relationships between our state and the people of Israel.” During the weeklong visit, the delegation met with government, business, academic, community, and faith leaders to learn more the Middle East’s only democracy. Secretary Way and her colleagues learned about Israeli elections and ongoing domestic and foreign policy challenges. They gained insight into U.S.-Israel relations and strengthened ties between election and security officials serving our two nations. “Israel is a global leader in cybersecurity,” said Secretary Way. “My colleagues and I appreciated the opportunity to discuss mutual challenges in protecting our elections and share strategies and best practices with our Israeli peers.” During the delegation’s visit to Yad Vashem, the World Holocaust Remembrance Center, Secretary Way honored the 6 million Jews who were killed during the Holocaust and reflected upon the need to continue fighting anti-Semitism today, especially in light of the horrific attack in Jersey City earlier this month. “As our delegation laid a wreath at Yad Vashem to honor the victims of the Holocaust, I was also remembering the victims of the attack in Jersey City,” said Secretary Way. “This visit underscored the importance of promising ‘Never Again,’ and committing together to fight against anti-semitism and hatred in all forms.” Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate