Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/museum/support-volunteer.shtml

NJ DOS - NJ State Museum - Support, Volunteer at the Museum Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State New Jersey State Museum The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Volunteer at the Museum New Jersey State Museum Volunteer Apply to become a volunteer! Do you have a passion for Art, History and/or Science? Join us at the New Jersey State Museum for a volunteer experience like no other! We need dedicated volunteers to create meaningful experiences for our visitors in a variety of ways. We are looking for a diverse team of volunteers of all abilities, educational levels and backgrounds. To begin, complete an application available . Once we have the application we will select candidates to be interviewed for one of our limited positions. If you have any questions or want to learn more contact Sabrina White, Educator, Volunteers and Outreach 609-292-6310 or Sabrina.white@sos.nj.gov Volunteers can opt into participating in a variety of ways: Gallery Interpretation All volunteers participating in our Gallery Interpretation unit are required to attend a Master Class focused on providing an overview of the Museum’s collections, exhibits and introduction to curatorial staff. Once the class is complete, volunteers can select a collections focus for further research and tour/gallery presentation development. Volunteers in this unit can choose to give tours, facilitate gallery cart experience, assist with field trip workshops or greet visitors. Master Class training takes place at select times of the year; our staff will let you know when the next one is scheduled. Event Volunteers Volunteers looking for more casual experiences or those waiting to join the training for the Gallery Interpretation unit may choose to sign up to help out at Museum events. Events take place monthly and require volunteers to set up, clean up and teach station activities with minimal pre-event training. This option also works well for group volunteering. Education Support Volunteers Volunteers interested in a more “behind the scenes” experience can opt to help out with office research, organization, inventory and supply preparations for programs. Hours are flexible and the support is greatly appreciated to keep our public programs running smoothly! Teen Volunteers Teens, 14 years or older, who are interested in volunteering can fill out our teen volunteer application . Teen volunteers are able to work with the Bureau of Education to help with special events, programs, cart activities, story-times, and education support. Teens may volunteer for community service hours, the start and end dates for their volunteering must be disclosed in their application. The Volunteer Coordinator will reach out via email to those who are being considered for a short interview. If you have any questions, you may contact Sabrina White, Educator, Volunteers and Outreach at 609-292-6310 or sabrina.white@sos.nj.gov ” Visit Explore Digital Resources Learn Events Support Shop About Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate