Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/volunteer-harris-wofford.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Volunteer and National Service - Statement by Corporation for National and Community Service CEO Barbara Stewart on the Passing of Harris Wofford Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State Volunteer and National Service The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Statement by Corporation for National and Community Service CEO Barbara Stewart on the Passing of Harris Wofford WASHINGTON, D.C. – Last night we lost an American hero. On the day we celebrated the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., we said goodbye to Harris Wofford. Harris was a tireless champion for national service, a patriot who loved his country, a beloved friend and mentor to many, and a guiding light who called us to serve and lifted our sights to achieving America’s promise for all. For seven decades, Harris served his country. He enlisted in the Army Air Corps in World War II, worked with Dr. King, advised President Kennedy on civil rights, and helped launch the Peace Corps. He represented Pennsylvania in the U.S. Senate from 1991 to 1994 and served as the CEO of the Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS) from 1995 to 2001. After leaving office, he continued to bring energy and passion to national service and other causes, working across party lines to find common ground. Harris understood the secret heart of America and the secret to our success: the idea that it is better to serve than to be served, more blessed to give than to receive. He believed – like Dr. King – that everyone had the power to make a difference, and that all should be engaged in building a better society and help fulfill the promise of America. From working to pass the legislation creating CNCS, to expanding service opportunities in AmeriCorps and Senior Corps, to his leadership on volunteering and service initiatives outside government, no other American has done more to advance the cause of citizen service than Harris Wofford. CNCS and the larger national service community will deeply miss Harris and are honored to carry forward his vision and work every day. Our heartfelt sympathies are with his family and his loved ones. As we remember and celebrate his extraordinary life, we must also redouble our efforts to expand opportunities for Americans to serve. While Harris made an extraordinary impact that touched millions of people’s lives, he would be the first to say we have much more to do to make service the common expectation and experience of every American, to “crack the atom of civic power” and unleash it to solve our nation’s challenges. May Harris Wofford rest in peace. But may the rest of us fight for the ideals he stood for, and carry them forward through our own acts of service to our communities and country. ### The Corporation for National and Community Service is the federal agency for volunteering, service, and civic engagement. The agency engages millions of Americans in citizen service through its AmeriCorps and Senior Corps programs and leads the nation's volunteering and service efforts. For more information, visit NationalService.gov . Volunteering in New Jersey Americorps & National Service Grant Opportunities Student Scholarships NJ State Governor’s Volunteerism Awards Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate