Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/archives/shrab.html

New Jersey Department of State Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Secretary of State Grant Information Pay-to-Play Ordinances Will Registry Certified Civil Celebrants Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Press Releases Proposed Rules Public Notices Reports e-Notification Lists Business Information NJ Business Portal Non-Profit Portal Business Action Center NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Office of Business Advocacy Office for Planning Advocacy Red-Tape Commission NJ-Israel Commission Divisions/Agencies Business Action Center NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Office of Business Advocacy Office for Planning Advocacy Red-Tape Commission NJ-Israel Commission Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism NJ Commission on National & Community Service NJ Cultural Heritage Commissions NJ Commission on American Indian Affairs NJ-Israel Commission NJ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional NJ Cultural Heritage Commissions NJ Cultural Trust NJ Division of Elections NJ Division of Travel & Tourism NJ Historical Commission NJ Office of Faith Based Initiatives NJ State Archives NJ State Council on the Arts NJ State Museum Patriots Theater at the War Memorial In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Travel & Tourism New Jersey State Archives Planning Your Visit Search the Collections Repro Services Collection Management Documentary Treasures Special Projects and Commemorations State Historical Records Advisory Board New Jersey State Archives 225 West State Street-Level 2 P.O. Box 307 Trenton, NJ 08625-0307 Contact Information Email: Feedback@sos.state.nj.us DOS Home > New Jersey State Archives > State Historical Records Advisory Board State Historical Records Advisory Board The State Historical Records Advisory Board was established in 1975 to serve as the central advisory body for historical records planning in the state, and as a conduit and review body for grant projects funded by the National Historical Publications and Records Commission (NHPRC) in support of archival and records management programs. The New Jersey State Archives provides necessary administrative support for the board, and the Chief of the Archives serves as the board's coordinator ex-officio. Members are representatives of public and private archival and research institutions, appointed by the Governor to three year terms under authority of the Code of Federal Regulations ( 36 C.F.R. 1206.30-.34 ) Strategic Plan In October 2001, the board published its Strategic Plan to Improve the Preservation, Collection, and Use of New Jersey Historical Records , culminating a sixteen-month planning process, funded principally by NHPRC. The project collected data on record repositories throughout the state, conducted public hearings and focus-group sessions for interested parties, and ultimately produced a five-year strategic plan for improving the conditions and access of historical records in the state. The plan now guides the board in formulating priorities for its own future grant applications to the NHPRC and in reviewing proposals submitted by New Jersey archives and manuscripts repositories. Board Members KaNeng Au Ronald L. Becker Ingrid Betancourt Lois Densky-Wolff Maria Estratiades Joseph Klett Joan Lowry Maxine Lurie Lisa Mangiafico Marc Mappen L. Dale Patterson Ben Primer James Turk Isha Vyas Ethel Washington Council of State Archvists New Jersey’s State Historical Records Advisory Board maintains a vital connection to boards in other states through the Council of State Archivists (CoSA), a national organization comprising the individuals who serve as State Historical Records Coordinators and their deputies. The Coordinators chair SHRABs in each of the 50 states, five territories, and the District of Columbia. Working collectively through their membership in CoSA, the State Coordinators encourage cooperation among the states and state boards on matters of mutual interest, define and communicate archival and records concerns at a national level, and work with the National Historical Publications and Records Commission (NHPRC) and other national organizations to ensure that the nation's documentary heritage is preserved and accessible. In 2004 and 2005, CoSA conducted an in-depth survey and assessment of state archives and records programs and the state historical records advisory boards in each state and territory. This project will build on previous surveys and reports conducted by CoSA and other organizations to document current conditions and needs. It will also be used to create a system for regularly assessing state archival programs, measuring progress and effectiveness, and articulating a national strategic direction to ensure preservation of and access to our nation's historical records. The project is supported by a grant from NHPRC. National Historical Publications & Records Commission Grants The National Historical Publications and Records Commission (NHPRC), a statutory body affiliated with the National Archives and Records Administration(NARA), supports a wide range of activities to preserve, publish, and encourage the use of documentary sources, created in every medium ranging from quill pen to computer, relating to the history of the United States. Congress established the NHPRC grants program to promote the preservation and use of America's documentary heritage. For New Jersey grant applications to the NHPRC, the New Jersey State Historical Records Advisory Board (NJSHRAB) will provide state-level reviews and funding recommendations. Under some circumstances, applications may not require review by NJSHRAB, but potential applicants should verify that with the State Coordinator or NHPRC staff as early in the grant-writing process as soon as possible. The NJSHRAB is charged by NHPRC with setting statewide priorities for applications from New Jersey. The board makes this information available on request to all potential applicants through this web site and through printed versions available from NJSHRAB. Potential applicants are encouraged to discuss their NHPRC project ideas with NJSHRAB staff or request informal review of draft proposals by contacting NJSHRAB at: New Jersey State Historical Records Advisory Board 225 West State Street, PO Box 307 Trenton, NJ 08625-0307 Telephone: (609) 292-6260 Fax: (609) 292-9105 Information on the NHPRC grant program Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | AccessibilityStatement Department: Office of the Lt. Governor | Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2011 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate