Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/bac/about-us/success-stories/jetty-life.shtml

Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Skip to Content New Jersey Business Action Center Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Frequently Asked Questions Translate Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer close Get Updates close Search close Department of State New Jersey Business Action Center The Hon. Tahesha Way, Secretary of State Chat with us or call us at 1-800-Jersey-7 Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. The company is a coastal-lifestyle apparel brand that makes, markets and sells clothing designed for people who appreciate the outdoors and adventure, explained Jeremy DeFilippis, the company’s CEO who is also an operating partner and co-founder. According to B Lab, “certified B Corporations are businesses that meet the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance, public transparency, and legal accountability to balance profit and purpose. B Corps are accelerating a global culture shift to redefine success in business and build a more inclusive and sustainable economy.” Since 2007, B Lab has certified some 3,900 B Corps in 70 countries and 150 industries. DeFilippis said the designation matches the company’s focus on operating a sustainable facility by reducing water usage, using eco-friendly inks, developing a proprietary fabric that incorporates crushed oyster shells and more. “The next generation of people that buy our goods are concerned (with the environment) and we already had it in our DNA,” he said. The company was started in 2003 by what DeFilippis said was “a handful of guys, friends, trying to figure out what to do with their lives. We just thought this was a niche that needed to be filled.” “We grew up surfing and fishing. We grew up around the water and that’s the DNA behind the brand,” DeFilippis added. Today, the company has 33 employees and screen prints its garments in its 15,000 square foot headquarters in Manahawkin. About half of the line is produced locally, while the other half is outsourced. Jetty Life clothing can be found in shops across the Garden State as well as other spots from Maine to Florida along with Texas, California and the Great Lakes. The firm also exports to Canada and works with the NJBAC’s Office of Export Promotion as it looks to take part in trade shows and other events. DeFilippis said the company first learned of the New Jersey Business Action Center through the NJ Chamber of Commerce and has also worked with the Office of Business Advocacy. His advice for entrepreneurs? “Plan, plan, plan,” DeFilippis said. “We really didn’t plan. We jumped in head first and didn’t do our homework. It can be overwhelming.” Resources Workforce Development Visit Business.NJ.gov Connect With us Call Our Business Helpline 1-800-Jersey-7 (1-800-537-7397) Request a Meeting With Us Success Stories Previous Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Jeremy DeFilippis at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life Becoming a B Corporation simply made sense for the team at Stafford-Township based Jetty Life. Tony Wittock of Cyber Security Consulting Ops Cyber attacks can wreak havoc on our industries, global supply chains and personal security. Jeff Reichle at Lund’s Fisheries Next time you’re enjoying your favorite seafood at home or at a restaurant take a moment to consider the source. Monica Lee at Route 66 International As general manager of Route 66 International Inc., Monica Lee is always looking for the next opportunity. Next View All Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate