Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njsca/dos_njsca_programs.html

New Jersey State Council on the Arts Governor Phil Murphy and Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Search All of NJ This Site Department of State Home Military Task Force Report Grant Information Employment Opportunities Flag Status Pay-to-Play Ordinances Commemorative Dates Certified Civil Celebrants Will Registry Rules & Authority Statutes & Rules Public Notices Proposed Rules Press Releases Reports e-Notification Lists In But Not Of Higher Education Student Assistance Authority Office of the Secretary of Higher Education NJ State Library NJ Sports and Exposition Authority Business/Economic Dev Business Action Center Business Advocates Small Business Advocates Export Assistance Planning Advocates Travel & Tourism Motion Picture and Television Commission Non-Profit Portal Arts/History/Cultural Programs Center for Hispanic Policy, Research and Development Governor’s Office of Volunteerism Commission on National & Community Service Cultural Trust Historical Commission Office of Faith Based Initiatives State Archives Council on the Arts State Museum War Memorial - Patriots Theater Cultural Heritage Commissions Commission on American Indian Affairs Israel Commission Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission Additional Cultural Heritage Commissions Division of Elections New Jersey State Council on the Arts About the Arts Council Grant Opportunities Programs & Initiatives Meetings & Events Benefits of the Arts Resources Publications Contact The NJ State Council on the Arts Mailing Address: NJ State Council on the Arts P.O. Box 306 Trenton, NJ 08625-0306 Office Address: 225 West State Street, 4th Floor Trenton, NJ 08608 Tel: (609) 292-6130 NJ Relay: 711 Email: Feedback@sos.nj.gov Arts Council Home > Programs and Initiatives Promoting the Arts & Increasing Participation Statewide One vitally important way that the Council achieves its goals of service to the needs of the entire state is through a battery of cosponsored programs, strategic partnerships, and initiatives in priority areas, such as increasing arts participation, strengthening the arts industry, fostering cross sector collaborations, supporting arts education, and more. By partnering with other organizations that share the same goals, the Council is able to widen the resources applied to the issue and build a statewide infrastructure of support. These grant funds leverage others and make for more efficient and cost effective use of public funds. Families First Discovery Pass The New Jersey State Council on the Arts and the New Jersey Historical Commission have partnered with the NJ Departments of Human Services (DHS) and Health (DOH) to launch New Jersey’s Families First Discovery Pass (FFDP) program. This program provides families and individuals enrolled in state assistance programs with free or highly discounted admission to arts and history organizations, venues and programs. The Families First Discovery Pass Program offers broad access to cultural experiences for New Jersey residents and helps cultural organizations engage new audiences with the goal of building long-lasting relationships. Residents who receive benefits through SNAP, WFNJ, Child Care Subsidy and/or WIC are eligible for free or steeply discounted cultural programs throughout the State. Learn more about the program and participating organizations Cultural Access Network of New Jersey Among the Arts Council’s highest priorities is ensuring access to the arts for all New Jerseyans. To that end, in 1992, the Council joined with the New Jersey Theatre Alliance to create what is now called the Cultural Access Network to serve organizations and individuals statewide. Since its inception, the Cultural Access Network has been a multifaceted resource for cultural organizations in making their programs and facilities accessible to seniors and people with disabilities, and in being compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). www.njtheatrealliance.org/access State of the Arts State of the Arts has been taking audiences on location with the most creative people in New Jersey and beyond since 1981. The New York and Mid-Atlantic Emmy Award-winnging series features documentary shorts about an extraordinary range of artists – musicians, dancers, playwrights, poets, painters, photographers, and more. State of the Arts visits New Jersey’s best performance spaces – from little-known jazz clubs to outdoor festivals to the state’s exceptional professional theaters. Through video features, newsletters, and social media, State of the Arts is on the frontlines of the creative and cultural worlds of New Jersey, one of the nation’s most diverse and populous states. State of the Arts is a cornerstone program of NJ PBS, with episodes co-produced by the New Jersey State Council on the Arts and Stockton University, in cooperation with PCK Media. The series also airs on WNET and ALL ARTS. View State of the Arts stories and specials online. To comment or make story suggestions, contact stateoftheartsnj@gmail.com . NEW JERSEY PUBLIC ART ARCHIVE Since the passage of the Public Building Arts Inclusion Act in 1978, New Jersey’s Public Arts Inclusion Program has led to the commissioning and installation of hundreds of artworks in state financed construction projects. The New Jersey State Council on the Arts assists State agencies and universities in the selection of artists for projects including those for NJ TRANSIT’s Transit Arts Program, and major projects like new buildings, renovations, monuments, and memorials. In addition to featuring the many works created through the Public Building Arts Inclusion Act, the State Arts Council seeks to highlight all forms of public art in New Jersey. By undertaking an online archive of public art from across the state, the State Arts Council aims to make New Jersey’s vast collection of art in public spaces easy to find, connect with, and enjoy. The New Jersey Public Art Archive provides open access to works of public art for anyone visiting, studying, or simply passing by, and helps every New Jersey resident locate the art in their own communities. The online archive will continue to grow, as will New Jersey’s collection of inspiring, informative, and reflective works of art. Visit the New Jersey Public Art Archive. DISCOVER JERSEY ARTS Discover Jersey Arts, a collaboration between the New Jersey State Council on the Arts and ArtPride New Jersey, is a multifaceted program dedicated to increasing the awareness of and participation in the arts in New Jersey. Coordinated through the regional Jersey Arts Marketers (JAM) network, this program provides resources for both arts organizations and patrons alike. Discover Jersey Arts was co-founded by, and is currently supported by funds from, the New Jersey State Council on the Arts. Learn more at www.jerseyarts.com . top Strengthening New Jersey's Cultural Industry NJ ARTS AND CULTURE ADMINISTRATORS OF COLOR The New Jersey Arts and Culture Administrators of Color is a network of professional arts administrators of color dedicated to advancing efforts related to equity, diversity, and inclusion within New Jersey’s arts community. This initiative is a partnership between New Jersey Theatre Alliance, ArtPride New Jersey, and New Jersey State Council on the Arts. The aim of the Network is to provide self-identified people of color working in the state’s arts organizations a safe space to connect, and a platform to share their expertise, experiences, and creativity. The Network’s objective is to connet, empower, and cultivate professional arts and cultural leaders throughout the Garden State. The program aims to build a community that affords members the opportunity to develop personal and professional connections, share resources, and foster emerging leaders. Critical Financial Services Program Critical Financial Services Program Cosponsored with the Nonprofit Finance Fund (NFF), this program is aimed at gaining a comprehensive understanding of the financial health and trends of the nonprofit arts industry in New Jersey and assisting organizations in achieving greater financial health. Arts Funder Affinity Group This network of private and public arts funders from throughout New Jersey was formed in partnership with the Council of New Jersey Grantmakers to foster ongoing conversation, collaboration and networking around issues and priorities facing the field as a whole. Programs for Artists Arts Inclusion Program Since the passage of the Public Building Arts Inclusion Act in 1978, this program has led to the commissioning and installation of hundreds of artworks in state financed construction projects of State Buildings. Up to 1.5% of the construction budget is set aside for this purpose. The Council assists State agencies and universities in the selection of artists for all projects including those for NJ Transit’s Transit Arts Program and such major projects like new buildings, renovations, monuments, and memorials. Announcements of New Jersey Arts Inclusion Projects are publicized through CaFE and listed under the “Public Art” category when available. With questions about this program, please contact Danielle Bursk or Stephanie Nerbak . CaFE (Call for Entry): The Council uses café to give visual artists access to State Arts Inclusion commission opportunities. The free registration provides monthly listings of arts inclusion projects not only for New Jersey but for other states as well. Artists can upload 100 images of their work, resume, bio and more to be used in applying for commissions announced through CaFE. With questions about this program please contact Danielle Bursk or Stephanie Nerbak . The Business of Being an Artist The Council hosts this annual, multipart series of professional learning for artists. The Business of Being an Artist series is free and open to any artist, teaching artist, or folk artist who lives and/or works in the State of New Jersey. For information about the 2024-2025 series, be sure to sign-up for the Council's artist services newsletter . Recordings from the 2023-2024 series Arts Education Programs and Initiatives Through the Council's many cosponsored projects in arts education, several important objectives are achieved: the annual placement of scores of professional artists in classrooms everywhere, the professional training of artists and educators to work effectively together, support for arts education advocacy and literacy in the arts, statewide focus on key issues, the creation of model, arts-infused schools and more. To learn more about each of these projects, click the links below: New Jersey Arts Education Census Project Poetry Out Loud Contact Us | Privacy Notice | Legal Statement | Accessibility Statement Department: Department of State Statewide: NJ Home | Services A to Z | Departments/Agencies | FAQs Copyright © State of New Jersey Department of State, 2001- 2025 Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate