Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2021-0409.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 9, 2021, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State What’s Filming In New Jersey: ‘Severance’ Principal photography in Holmdel NEWARK, NJ – Viewers of the new Apple TV+ television series Severance may recognize some of the backdrops when it airs later this year. Portions of the new show were filmed at the Bell Works complex in Holmdel in late March. The story is set at fictional Lumen Industries, a company that’s looking to take work-life balance to a new level with a “severance procedure” that separates work and out-of-work memories. Written and created by Dan Erickson, Severance is produced by Adam Scott (who also stars), and co-executive produced by Ben Stiller, who is also directing some of the episodes. Patricia Arquette (Boyhood) co-stars in Severance , along with Britt Lower ( Man Seeking Woman ), Jen Tullock ( Before You Know It ), Zach Cherry ( You ), Tramell Tillman ( Hunters ), John Turturro and Christopher Walken. Formerly the home of Bell Labs, Bell Works was repurposed into a one-of-a-kind, mixed-use space for business, culture, tech, retail, fitness, dining and hospitality and spans almost a quarter mile. In 2015, the site was used to shoot several scenes for the short film Future Relic , which premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival, and in 2019 it served as a location for the ABC television series Emergence . Last year, Bell Works, in partnership with Cinema Pop-Up, hosted a drive-in movie theater experience showcasing an array of action and family films. “Television production is once again flourishing in New Jersey, and we expect the number of productions that come to our state to shoot is only going to continue to grow,” said Governor Phil Murphy, “We are delighted to welcome Apple TV+ back to the state.” Two other Apple TV+ shows, Little America and Lisey’s Story , were also filmed on location here in the past two years. Additional series filmed in the Garden State recently include NBC’s The Enemy Within and Lincoln Rhyme: Hunt for the Bone Collector , CBS’ The Equalizer and Ways & Means , HBO’s The Plot Against America and Hulu’s Wu Tang Clan: An American Saga . “New Jersey’s film and television industry has rebounded strongly since the worldwide production shutdown caused by the pandemic,” according to Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “We are excited by the quantity, quality and variety of projects now being made in the state.” About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The NJMPTVC, which falls under the New Jersey Department of State’s Business Action Center, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. The Commission promotes film and television production in New Jersey. www.film.nj.gov Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate