Source URL: http://www.nj.gov/state/press-2018-0404.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - April 4, 2018 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State The New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service Commemorates the 50th Anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s Assassination TRENTON, N.J. – The New Jersey Department of State’s Commission on National and Community Service commemorated the 50th anniversary of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s assassination at an event in Princeton titled, “The King Year: Reflection in Action.” Members of the New Jersey Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Commission, Department of State and AmeriCorps members organized the significant program and provided a meaningful spotlight on the importance of volunteerism and service. “Today we are here to honor our luminary drum major for justice, Dr. King, on the 50th anniversary of his tragic assassination. It is an opportune moment to pay our respects, reflect on Dr. King’s enduring wisdom, and together plot a path for a future where—in his immortal words—“the arc of the moral universe bends towards justice.” We highlight the values of protest, rigorous debate and recognize civil disobedience as an integral part of our democratic system,” said guest speaker Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “In honoring Dr. King, we also look to celebrate the important work of our AmeriCorps members, who every day continue his invaluable legacy. This vocation and the teachings of Dr. King are unmistakably linked.” During today’s momentous day of reflection, participants enjoyed panels and breakout sessions ranging from topics on conflict resolution and poverty to “King Year Calendar of Service” and the world-famous “I Have A Dream” speech. “Perhaps nothing touches the lives of so many people in such a profound way than our effort to expand and strengthen New Jersey’s long-standing tradition of volunteerism,” said Executive Director of the New Jersey Commission on National and Community Service, Rowena Madden. “Housed within the Department of State, the Governor's Office of Volunteerism and AmeriCorps are fully-committed to increasing awareness of the need for volunteers statewide. In every community, across all ages and socio-economic groups, volunteering meshes generations and helps create healthy, integrated and secure communities. In honoring Dr. King, the AmeriCorps program is part of our great American tradition of civic engagement and volunteerism.” “As Secretary of State, it is my promise that we too are moving Dr. King’s legacy forward by standing on the front line to ensure that our citizens have full participation in the democracy of this republic, and to ensure that all are treated fairly. In my role as chief election official for the state, I commit to ensuring that Dr. King’s legacy is fulfilled by making certain that every citizen’s right to vote and participate in elections is protected and maximized,” added Secretary Way. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate