Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2016-0726.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 26, 2016 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NEA Chairman Visits Trenton to Mark State Arts Council's 50th TRENTON, N.J. – Jane Chu, Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts concluded a two-day visit to the Garden State celebrating the golden anniversary of the New Jersey State Council on the Arts . The event was held in the historic Assembly Chamber of the New Jersey State House, where the legislation establishing the State Arts Council was signed 50 years ago this week. “Congratulations to the New Jersey State Council on the Arts on this wonderful milestone,” said Chairman Chu. “In supporting artists and arts organizations throughout the state for the past 50 years, they have in turn strengthened all other aspects of New Jersey life, from the economy and education to health and community vitality.” The Council's Annual Meeting and Anniversary Celebration attracted hundreds of arts leaders. Along with many notable attendees and dignitaries, New Jersey's Lt. Governor Kim Guadagno joined the celebration to share her support for the state's Council on the Arts. “This Administration firmly believes that the arts industry has played a critical role in shaping the New Jersey we all know and love today,” said Lt. Governor Guadagno. “We remain resolutely committed to preserving New Jersey's status as a national leader in public support for the arts.” During the meeting the Council awarded over $15.7 million in Fiscal Year 2017 grants to more than 200 arts organizations and artists statewide, an investment that will reach into every New Jersey County. Additionally, the Council showcased several testimonials from New Jerseyans positively impacted by the arts, and premiered a short film about the Council which featured Governor Tom Kean, Tony Award-Winner Jane Krakowski and U.S. Poet Laureate Robert Pinsky, among others. The meeting wrapped with a live performance by Rahway native - and star of the recent NBC Live production of The Wiz - Shanice Williams. Arts Council Chair Elizabeth Mattson stated, “Our predecessors on this Council had big dreams and they established the foundation for the incredible work we get to do today in support of this remarkable arts community. A lot has certainly changed in 50 years, but the values that guide us - excellence, integrity, accountability - all that remains the same. We look forward to many more years of dreaming big.” There's Something About New Jersey View a list of FY17 Grants by County View a list of FY17 Grants by Category/Discipline View a list of those honored with FY17 Citations or Designated as Majors About The New Jersey State Council on the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council receives direct appropriations from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated, renewable Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee, as well as competitive grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. To learn more about the Council, please visit artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate