Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0921.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - September 21, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Secretary Way Kicks Off 5th Annual Ballot Bowl on National Voter Registration Day EWING, NJ – Yesterday, Secretary of State Tahesha Way celebrated National Voter Registration Day at The College of New Jersey (TCNJ), where she helped students kick off the 5th Annual New Jersey Ballot Bowl. The New Jersey Ballot Bowl is a statewide non-partisan voter registration and engagement competition. Collegiate-based teams compete within divisions based upon campus size to see who can register the most voters and obtain the most commitments to vote. Each year, thousands of young people across New Jersey participate and help their peers on campus and people in the surrounding communities become New Jersey voters. The competition ends on Election Day, November 8, 2022. The program featured remarks from Secretary Way, TCNJ President Kathryn Foster, and TCNJ Student Government Vice President Jared Williams. “I’m thrilled to kick off the New Jersey Ballot Bowl at The College of New Jersey,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “We look forward to cheering on the efforts across the 27 campuses participating in the Ballot Bowl this fall. I’m so proud of all the students who are stepping up this season to help more people become New Jersey voters!” “TCNJ has made great strides increasing the number of our students who are engaged in the voting process,” said TCNJ President Kathryn Foster. “In the 2020 general election, 83 percent of registered TCNJ students voted compared to a rate of 66 percent at colleges and universities nationwide. Our TCNJ VOTES! initiative, through the Center for Community Engagement and the Office of Leadership, has encouraged students to become educated and involved through voter registration drives, educational and informational sessions, film screenings and other events and programs.” New York Giant Casey Kreiter provided a video calling on students to “get in the game” by joining the annual Ballot Bowl and working to register voters. Photo features TCNJ President Foster, New Jersey Secretary of State Tahesha Way, and TCNJ Student Government Vice President Jared Williams with mascots from The College of New Jersey, Princeton University, Centenary University, Georgian Court University, and Kean University Video of the 5th Annual Ballot Bowl Kickoff program can be found here . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate