Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/election-information-mock-election.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - The National Student-Parent Mock Election Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. The National Student/Parent Mock Election The National Student/Parent Mock Election is an excellent way to encourage young people to become interested in voting and involved in state and national issues and candidates. The Student/Parent Mock Election is an excellent way to encourage young people to become interested in voting and involved in state and national issues and candidates. There is also an added benefit to discussing candidates and issues to be decided in this November's election in the classroom. Many times these discussions continue at the dinner table and parents become interested in the electoral process because of the interest developed by their son or daughter. Participating schools will again have the flexibility of designing the voter education program that is right for their students. Past Results for the Mock Elections 2008 - NJ Student/Parent Mock Election 2005 - NJ Student/Parent Mock Election 2005 Mock Election: Governor's Summary 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly's Summary Governor Results by County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Atlantic County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Bergen County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Burlington County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Camden County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Cape May/Cumberland Counties 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Gloucester County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Essex County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Hudson/Hunterdon County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Mercer County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Middlesex County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Monmouth County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Morris County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Ocean County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Passaic County 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Salem/Somerset/Sussex Counties 2005 Mock Election: Governor Results Union/Warren Counties General Assembly Results by County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Atlantic County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Bergen County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Burlington County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Camden County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Cape May/Cumberland Counties 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Gloucester County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Essex County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Hudson/Hunterdon Counties 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Mercer County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Middlesex County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Monmouth County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Morris County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Ocean County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Passaic County 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Salem/Somerset/Sussex Counties 2005 Mock Election: General Assembly Results Union/Warren Counties 2002 - NJ Student/Parent Mock Election 2002 Mock Election Summary 2002 Mock Election Total Votes Cast listed by Participating Schools 2001 - NJ Student/Parent Mock Election 2001 Mock Election Election Summary 2001 Mock Election Total Votes Cast listed by Participating Schools Page Last Updated: 07/23/18 Voter Information Portal Register to Vote! County Election Officials Candidate Information County Information Election Archive Printable Flyers & Publications Covid-19 Election Resources Be A Poll Worker Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate