Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2019-0711.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 11, 2019 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Business Action Center Launches Podcast to Aid N.J. Businesses All new, six-part podcast series highlights NJBAC services TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey Business Center (NJBAC) today announced the launch of an all-new podcast series designed to help businesses across the state succeed. The podcasts address specific challenges businesses are facing, ranging from setting up an LLC to obtaining permits to grow to learning to export products. The series, available on the center’s website at https://www.state.nj.us/state/bac/bac-about.shtml gives listeners a glimpse of the inner-workings of the NJBAC and the collective expertise of its staff. The center is housed within the New Jersey Department of State and is a business-first resource. “The podcast is our latest effort to highlight the center’s services and spread the word about ways we continue to support the Garden State’s thousands of business owners,” said Melanie Willoughby, executive director at the NJBAC. The podcast series introduces businesses to experts inside the Business Action Center and provides guidance on how to use its free services. The center’s staff includes the Business Helpline team and business advocates, who work in tandem to help companies of all sizes with issues related to planning, site selection, mentoring, exporting, licensing and more. “It’s very important for us to communicate that we are here to help every business in the state,” continued Willoughby. “The NJBAC gives businesses a partner in government so that they can become profitable, create new jobs and thrive in our state.” Willoughby, a longtime business advocate and recognized leader in the economic development field, is the featured guest in Episode 1 of the podcast, where she outlines the NJBAC’s latest initiatives and its mission. “We have a lot of depth and breadth in understanding state government and in understanding the laws that impact business. If we don’t have the answer, we’ll know where to find it,” Willoughby said. Other episodes in the series feature Don Newman, manager of the Office of Small Business Advocacy and the Business Helpline; Eddy Mayen, manager of the Office of Export Promotion; and Steven Gorelick, executive director of the New Jersey Motion Picture and Television Commission. The podcasts can be found on the NJBAC website at https://www.state.nj.us/state/bac/bac-about.shtml . About the New Jersey Business Action Center Operating under the leadership of Executive Director Melanie Willoughby, the New Jersey Business Action Center, housed within the New Jersey Department of State, is a business-first resource. NJBAC offers no-cost, confidential assistance to help businesses grow. The team helps companies of all sizes save time and money by getting answers from government agencies, directing businesses to appropriate officials and contacts, and facilitating meetings and follow-ups from regulatory agencies. For further information, call 1-800-JERSEY-7, visit http://nj.gov/state/bac/ or follow us on Twitter @NJ_BAC. Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate