Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0726.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - July 26, 2022 Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey State Council on the Arts Approves Over $28 Million in Grants, Announces New Grant Programs and Services Investment Supports Jobs, Arts Nonprofits, and Services in Every County TRENTON, NJ – The New Jersey State Council on the Arts awarded more than $28 million in grants to support over 700 arts organizations, projects, and artists throughout the state. The grants were approved earlier today at the Arts Council's 56th Annual Meeting. “It has been an honor to witness the ongoing dedication and boundless creativity of our state’s arts sector,” said Secretary of State Tahesha Way. “I am proud to work closely with the State Arts Council as they grow and innovate, finding new ways to best serve the artists, arts workers, and organizations that continue to engage and inspire communities throughout the state. Gratitude for Governor Murphy and the State Legislature was a theme throughout the meeting, as was the recognition that the arts industry is essential in shaping New Jersey communities both as an economic driver and in building quality of life. Council Chair Elizabeth Mattson noted, “Of the $28.3 million announced today, roughly 70% is to support the general operations of organizations in all 21 counties. As the largest arts funder in the state, we know this is the most challenging type of support for nonprofits to come by, and it’s critical to their success. Operating dollars allow arts businesses to create and sustain tens of thousands of jobs, present hundreds of thousands of events, and attract and serve millions of people year-round.” In addition to the grants voted on today, nearly $3 million will be granted out later this year through new grant programs for nonprofit organizations and a new professional development initiative for individual artists. Round two of the Council’s Capital Arts Program, which was launched last year with a focus on resiliency, will be released this fall. Council Executive Director Allison Tratner spoke to the significance of these new programs, “The changes the Council makes – whether it’s the creation of new grant opportunities or services, or adapting current programs or practices – are the direct result of public feedback. The programs the Council launches this year allow us to build on successes and lessons learned, and set us up to serve the sector in meaningful, more equitable ways. We intend to continue to learn and evolve this year as we dive into the development of our next strategic plan.” The Council shared that it will begin a year-long strategic planning process in the fall, and that public feedback from the broadest possible audiences will be a core component of their planning. Attendees at the meeting were encouraged to sign up for the Council’s mailing list (which can be found at ( artscouncil.nj.gov ), as the Council will be sharing important details on how to participate in the strategic planning process over the coming months. View a list of FY23 grants by county . View a list of FY23 grants by category/discipline . About the New Jersey State Council on the Arts The New Jersey State Council on the Arts, created in 1966, is a division of the NJ Department of State. The Council was established to encourage and foster public interest in the arts; enlarge public and private resources devoted to the arts; promote freedom of expression in the arts; and facilitate the inclusion of art in every public building in New Jersey. The Council receives direct appropriations from the State of New Jersey through a dedicated, renewable Hotel/Motel Occupancy fee, as well as competitive grants from the National Endowment for the Arts. To learn more about the Council, please visit artscouncil.nj.gov . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate