Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/elections/vote-college-students.shtml

NJ DOS - Division of Elections - Student Voter Registration & Voting Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State New Jersey Voter Information Portal Department of State, Division of Elections Voting Questions? Call 1-877-NJ-VOTER (1-877-658-6837) × Important Notice: Number of Petition Signatures Amended As a result of the passing of P.L. 2025, c. 20, the number of signatures required on a nominating petition have changed. The new number signatures that are required for a nominating petition will take effect immediately. Further, “[a]ny petition signatures collected by a candidate for office to be voted for at the 2025 primary election utilizing the petition forms published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20 . . . shall not be subject to a petition challenge based upon the use of a form published by the Secretary of State prior to the effective date of P.L. 2025, c. 20.” The new number of signatures required for a Primary Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,500. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The new number of signatures required for a General Election candidate for the Office of Governor is 2,000. For the Office of General Assembly, the new required number is 250. The 2025 Petitions have been amended and are available for download. Please use the link below to download them: Download Petitions Important Notice: 2025 Primary Election Rescheduled The 2025 Primary Election has been rescheduled. Please view the official notice for further details. Student Voter Registration & Voting Be a Voter! Democracy is not a spectator sport. It requires continual work to protect it and keep it strong. And the best way to protect and strengthen our democracy is to participate in it! You are entering a new phase of your lives where you will have even more influence in what happens in your local community, the state and the country. As a citizen, your active civic participation as a voter is essential in that process. Be a voter and vote on June 10th. Register to vote online or by downloading a printable postage paid form for your county. Want a convenient way to vote whether you’re at home or away at school? After you register you can apply for a Vote-By-Mail ballot . Be An Informed New Jersey Voter To register in New Jersey, you must be: A United States citizen At least 17 years old, though you may not vote until you have reached the age of 18 A resident of the county for 30 days before the election You are not serving a sentence of Incarceration as a result of a conviction of an indictable offense under the laws of this or another state or of the United States. You are not eligible to register to vote if: You are serving a sentence of Incarceration as a result of a conviction of an indictable offense under the laws of this or another state or of the United States. If you are in college, you have the option to register from your college address or your parent's address. There are good reasons for registering and voting at either residence, but keep in mind, the final choice is yours. The registration deadline to vote is 21 days prior to Election Day You will receive a sample ballot about 1 week before the election that will indicate where your polling place is or you can use our polling place locator . Page Last Updated: 01/08/25 Voter Information Portal 3 Ways To Vote Vote-By-Mail Early Voting Polling Location Secure Drop Box Locations Track My Ballot Register to Vote! Am I Registered? Voter Education Videos Election Results Safe Secure Elections Frequently Asked Questions County Election Officials Military and Overseas Voting Student Registration & Voting Voter Rights and Accessibility Additional Forms Be A Poll Worker NJ Votes Information Sign-Up Printable Flyers & Publications Download the Mobile App Download the NJ Elections Mobile App on Apple or Google Play Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate