Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/njcounts-grant-opportunities-cty.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - NJ Complete Count Commission - Grant Opportunities, CTY Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State, Jersey Civic Engage NJ Complete Count Commission The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State Grant Opportunities Dept. of State 2020 Complete Count Commission County Grant Program (DOS2020C3-CTY) Grant Description The DOS2020C3-CTY grant program will ensure that New Jersey is fairly and accurately represented in the 2020 Census. A complete count can be accomplished by encouraging a full participation of hard-to-count (HTC) populations through active outreach efforts. Those in the special target populations considered HTC include but are not limited to: African Americans, Latinos/Latinx, Asians, Non-Native English speakers, indigent, homeless persons, college students, children under five years of age, men ages 18-49, the elderly, persons displaced by natural disasters, persons who are incarcerated, and members of the LGBTQ community. It is important to educate the public that participating in the Census is a matter of civic responsibility. DOS2020C3-CTY Goals Educate the public; Encourage participation; Establish presence on social media; Promote Census 2020 job fairs; Conduct community specific activities through Local Complete Count Committees (LCCC); Create multi-media activities; Increase the number of public information forums; Participate in community events to promote and bring awareness to the census; Establish Community Census Support Centers. Download the DOS2020C3-CTY Grant Guidelines Counties Download the Frequently Asked Questions Application Due Date: The Application Deadline has passed. SAGE Access For NJ Counties Only If your county has an existing SAGE green account, then that log-on can be used to access our SAGE blue system. This Dept. of State grant opportunity can only be found in the BLUE system. Supporting Documents Board Resolutions 2020 Census Complete Count Comission Guide COUNTIES ONLY – Save and Upload this document when the online application request to upload a document not required for the Counties. County Funding Information Logic Models: Sample Logic Model (Logic Model Planning Family Trip) DOS2020C3-CTY Logic Model Introduction to Logic Models Statewide Outreach Action Plan : To help you in your planning we are providing the statewide Outreach Action Plan that was prepared by the Complete Count Commission. While it is a statewide plan, the section called Grassroots Organizing Effort may be useful and provide you with ideas. County Maps: Atlantic County Bergen County Burlington County Camden County Cape May County Cumberland County Essex County Gloucester County Hudson County Hunterdon County Mercer County Middlesex County Monmouth County Morris County Ocean County Passaic County Salem County Somerset County Sussex County Union County Warren County Technical Assistance Webinars U.S. Census Bureau Webinars Using the Response Outreach Area Mapper (ROAM) to Locate and Learn about Hard-to-Count Areas Training and technical assistance is not mandatory. If You’ve Never Applied for a Grant to the NJ Dept. of State you Must Register on SAGE Step 1: The Application Process - Organizational Information – County Materials for the Webinars Organization Information – County Step 2: The Application Process - Accessing the Application and Reviewing Grant Guidelines – County NJ Complete Count Commission Grant Opportunities Questions? Frequently Asked Questions (updated 4P 10/31/19) If you have questions regarding the DOS20203-Cty and/or DOS20203-NP Grant program please contact us at 609-633-0522 or email us at Census2020@sos.nj.gov . If you have general questions regarding the NJ Complete Count Commission please call this number 609-777-2581 . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate