Source URL: https://www.nj.gov/state/press-2022-0121.shtml

New Jersey Department of State - Press Releases - January 21, 2022, NJ Motion Picture & Television Commission Skip to main content Official Site of The State of New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy • Lt. Governor Tahesha Way NJ.gov Services Agencies FAQs Translate close Select Language Abkhaz Acehnese Acholi Afar Afrikaans Albanian Alur Amharic Arabic Armenian Assamese Avar Awadhi Aymara Azerbaijani Balinese Baluchi Bambara Baoulé Bashkir Basque Batak Karo Batak Simalungun Batak Toba Belarusian Bemba Bengali Betawi Bhojpuri Bikol Bosnian Breton Bulgarian Buryat Cantonese Catalan Cebuano Chamorro Chechen Chichewa Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Chuukese Chuvash Corsican Crimean Tatar (Cyrillic) Crimean Tatar (Latin) Croatian Czech Danish Dari Dhivehi Dinka Dogri Dombe Dutch Dyula Dzongkha Esperanto Estonian Ewe Faroese Fijian Filipino Finnish Fon French French (Canada) Frisian Friulian Fulani Ga Galician Georgian German Greek Guarani Gujarati Haitian Creole Hakha Chin Hausa Hawaiian Hebrew Hiligaynon Hindi Hmong Hungarian Hunsrik Iban Icelandic Igbo Ilocano Indonesian Inuktut (Latin) Inuktut (Syllabics) Irish Italian Jamaican Patois Japanese Javanese Jingpo Kalaallisut Kannada Kanuri Kapampangan Kazakh Khasi Khmer Kiga Kikongo Kinyarwanda Kituba Kokborok Komi Konkani Korean Krio Kurdish (Kurmanji) Kurdish (Sorani) Kyrgyz Lao Latgalian Latin Latvian Ligurian Limburgish Lingala Lithuanian Lombard Luganda Luo Luxembourgish Macedonian Madurese Maithili Makassar Malagasy Malay Malay (Jawi) Malayalam Maltese Mam Manx Maori Marathi Marshallese Marwadi Mauritian Creole Meadow Mari Meiteilon (Manipuri) Minang Mizo Mongolian Myanmar (Burmese) Nahuatl (Eastern Huasteca) Ndau Ndebele (South) Nepalbhasa (Newari) Nepali NKo Norwegian Nuer Occitan Odia (Oriya) Oromo Ossetian Pangasinan Papiamento Pashto Persian Polish Portuguese (Brazil) Portuguese (Portugal) Punjabi (Gurmukhi) Punjabi (Shahmukhi) Quechua Qʼeqchiʼ Romani Romanian Rundi Russian Sami (North) Samoan Sango Sanskrit Santali (Latin) Santali (Ol Chiki) Scots Gaelic Sepedi Serbian Sesotho Seychellois Creole Shan Shona Sicilian Silesian Sindhi Sinhala Slovak Slovenian Somali Spanish Sundanese Susu Swahili Swati Swedish Tahitian Tajik Tamazight Tamazight (Tifinagh) Tamil Tatar Telugu Tetum Thai Tibetan Tigrinya Tiv Tok Pisin Tongan Tshiluba Tsonga Tswana Tulu Tumbuka Turkish Turkmen Tuvan Twi Udmurt Ukrainian Urdu Uyghur Uzbek Venda Venetian Vietnamese Waray Welsh Wolof Xhosa Yakut Yiddish Yoruba Yucatec Maya Zapotec Zulu The State of NJ site may contain optional links, information, services and/or content from other websites operated by third parties that are provided as a convenience, such as Google™ Translate. Google™ Translate is an online service for which the user pays nothing to obtain a purported language translation. The user is on notice that neither the State of NJ site nor its operators review any of the services, information and/or content from anything that may be linked to the State of NJ site for any reason. - Read Full Disclaimer Search close Department of State The Hon. Tahesha Way, Lt. Governor and Secretary of State NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission Announces the Production Assistant Bootcamp at Rutgers University The Free Diverse Production Assistant Training Program, Open to New Jersey Residents, is Sponsored by Sony Pictures Entertainment PISCATAWAY, NJ – The NJ Motion Picture and Television Commission invites New Jersey residents interested in pursuing a career in film and television production to apply for the upcoming Production Assistant Bootcamp scheduled for February 5 and 6 at Rutgers University in Piscataway. The diverse Production Assistant (P.A.) Bootcamp training program is a two-day thorough, intensive, real-world, work-based job training program that provides trainees with an opportunity to gain skills, knowledge and understanding of film/TV production. The program trains individuals from diverse backgrounds for the job of Production Assistant, which is the entry level gateway into the entertainment industry as it has been for many highly successful producers, directors and crew currently working in the industry. The workforce training program is provided free of charge to accepted participants, thanks to the generous sponsorship of Sony Pictures Entertainment. This will be the sixth P.A. Bootcamp to be held in New Jersey since 2018. So far, 136 New Jersey residents from diverse backgrounds have participated in the bootcamps. Following his successful completion of the program, Brandon Leventhal, a resident of Matawan, was hired as a production assistant on the upcoming Zach Braff feature “A Good Person,” which filmed in New Jersey in 2021. “ I learned so much useful information and applicable skills at the P.A. Bootcamp that boosted my confidence in my ability to be a competent member of a production. Consequently, I hit the ground running as a production assistant on my first feature film, and I can point back to the foundation and exposure I received at the bootcamp, which I will carry with me throughout my career journey .” The two-day weekend training program is designed to train Set and Office Production Assistants. Participants will learn everything necessary to walk onto any film or television set and do the job right from day one. Although a job after the Bootcamp is not guaranteed, with the rapid increase in film and television production in the State, the demand for qualified P.A.s is high. Participants are required to be fully vaccinated and wear face masks at all times, and social distancing must be maintained throughout the duration of the program. Interested residents can learn more at www.pabootcamp.com and apply via email. Write to: pabootcamp@gmail.com and place Rutgers-Piscataway Bootcamp in the subject line. The email should include your name, email, phone number and a short paragraph explaining why you want to attend. Email registration is not an automatic confirmation of attendance. You may receive a request for a phone interview. Acceptance into the training will be confirmed by email. Applicants MUST be able to attend training on BOTH February 5 and February 6 and be able to accept Production Assistant work in New Jersey in the next several months. Space is limited, so residents are encouraged to apply immediately. About the New Jersey Motion Picture & Television Commission The commission, formed in 1978, is staffed by industry professionals and serves as a resource for production companies. New Jersey currently offers tax incentives for film/television productions including a diversity bonus. Learn more at www.film.nj.gov or contact the commission at njfilm@sos.nj.gov . About Sony Pictures Entertainment Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE) is a subsidiary of Tokyo-based Sony Group Corporation. SPE's global operations encompass motion picture production, acquisition, and distribution; television production, acquisition, and distribution; television networks; digital content creation and distribution; operation of studio facilities; and development of new entertainment products, services and technologies. Sony Pictures Television operates dozens of wholly-owned or joint-venture production companies around the world. SPE’s Motion Picture Group production organizations include Columbia Pictures, Screen Gems, TriStar Pictures, 3000 Pictures, Sony Pictures Animation, Stage 6 Films, AFFIRM Films, Sony Pictures International Productions, and Sony Pictures Classics. For additional information, visit http://www.sonypictures.com/corp/divisions.html . Back to top Original text Rate this translation Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate